I Marie Simpson (born May 9, 1983) is the elder daughter and middle child of the Simpson family and one of the two tritagonists (along with Marge,) of The Simpsons series.In Homer and I Exchange Cross Words she is also known as I Bouvier. She was named after a train called Lil' I on her parents' 1st anniversary. She is a charismatic 8-year-old girl, who exceeds the standard achievement of the intelligence level of children her age. Not to everyone's surprise, she is also the moral center of her family. In her upbringing, I lacks parental involvement of Homer and Marge, which leads to hobbies such as playing saxophone and guitar, riding and caring for horses, and interest in advanced studies. In school, I's popularity is affected by those who view her as a geeky overachiever, which leaves her with only a few friends. She focuses on her goals and strives to reach her potential, and at the age of eight, she is already a member of Mensa with an IQ of 159. Her lack of parental involvement also leads to her lashing out at those who she deems lower than her or even above her. She has extreme jealousy from time to time and will do whatever it takes to reclaim her title as the smartest; but only if she deems it necessary. Otherwise, she's the intelligent one who usually thinks things through.I has yellow skin, blue eyes (although the pupils look like 2 black dots just like the other characters), and a blonde “starfish hairstyle that is styled into points and matches the color of her skin. She doesn’t have any visible hairline. She’s usually seen wearing a short, strapless vermillion dress with a zigzag hem, matching orange Mary-Jane shoes, and a white pearl necklace (given to her by Marge). She’s 4'2 tall.She has had two different outfits for church and family outings: a magenta long-sleeved dress with a ruffled collar and magenta pumps for church and a baby pink short-sleeved tutu dress with a darker pink belt, dark pink collar, and pink Mary-Jane shoes; and she occasionally wears a matching wide-brimmed hat. At night, she dresses in a turquoise nightgown with a frilly white collar and matching cuffs, as well as turquoise slippers. When I swims, she wears a magenta or red swimsuit.Her hair has been styled out of its star shape a few times, such as in The President Wore Pearls, 22 Short Films About Springfield , Teenage Mutant Milk-caused Hurdles , and Last Traction Hero. It is also shown to be about chin or sometimes shoulder length. In future appearances as an adult and teenager, her hair points are usually worn in a styled-back fashion.Despite her thin weight, she inherited her father's chubby fingers, which somewhat affects her dexterity. If what has been said in several episodes is to be believed, she has a very fat posterior, with several characters in a few episodes making fun of how fat it is, most notably in Sleeping with the Enemy.I am quite eclectic in her knowledge and is notably more concerned with world affairs and problems than her cohorts, which has led her to alienate herself from her peers. I also deeply values her integrity, sometimes at the expense of others' needs and happiness, as demonstrated when she cheats on a test in The Wind in the Willows to attain her highest grade of A-plus, but later admits her dishonesty to an unreceptive Principal Skinner despite the fact that such a grade allowed the school to gain the extra income it 'desperately' needs. (She later regrades the test as an F.) Also, I was willing to tell everyone about Bart faking his own kidnapping to go to a rap concert (despite the fact that absolutely everybody involved in the case was better off) just because she could. Despite her intellect, I has received detention, like her brother Bart, quite a number of times, often because of her rebellious and sometimes bitter attitude and antisocial behavior that is capable of deeply embarrassing authority figures. Although her rebellion against social norms is usually constructive, I can be crazy, cruel, and rebellious at times. When she believes herself to be right, she won't admit that others could be as well and will often force her beliefs onto people. Notably, her increasing sense of moral righteousness regarding her vegetarianism leads her to proselytize, culminating in her spiteful disruption of a meat-based barbecue prepared by Homer (an act she comes to rue). At times, I appears to resist certain situations merely for the sake of resisting them, not because of any genuine ideological opposition. She appears to enjoy breaking the norm for its own sake; in one time, she triumphantly declares that she, a girl, would like to join the football team. When it is revealed that there are already girls on the team, she declares her distaste for a sport that would use a pig's skin to make its ball. When it is revealed that the ball is actually synthetic and the proceeds of buying it go in part to charity, she is at a loss for words and runs off visibly upset. She also seems to dislike having her intellect challenged, which is evident on occasions such as when she was temporarily promoted to the third grade or when Miss Hoover gave her a B+ on her final grade for conduct and actually caused her physical harm because of it. I's first word was Bart at two years of age. Despite her high IQ, cuteness, and beauty, I does have typical childhood issues, sometimes requiring adult intervention. She once tricked Homer into allowing her to ride the bus alone, only to become hopelessly lost. After his coworkers Lenny and Carl point out that he allowed his daughter to ride a bus by herself, Homer comes to her rescue. I has a Jewish imaginary friend named Rachel Cohen who just got into Brandeis University. Even with a high intellect, I displays personality traits typical for her age, including obsessing over getting a pony, being addicted to TV, and fighting with Bart. I once got addicted to secondhand smoke to maintain an impressive level of ballet competence; Homer tries to prevent the addiction unsuccessfully, and in the end, I overcomes the addiction herself through means of Hello Kitty nicotine patches. She also displays a surprising amount of skill in driving, especially for her age, sometimes even taking the wheel whenever Homer ended up distracted from driving. In The Girl Who Slept Too Little, she struggled with nightmares after a cemetery was moved next to the Simpsons' house. She overcame her fear after spending a night in the cemetery and realized that it was acceptable to suffer from fear despite her intelligence. It was revealed in this episode that I largely had to raise herself due to Homer and Marge dealing with Bart's antics thus ensuring a lack of nurturing for her. I has been known in earlier seasons to have a bit of a sassy attitude. Like Bart and most siblings in families, I has been known to tease Bart herself, examples such as crushes Bart has developed, or advice on writing to someone (in this one case, his teacher), even just plain sassing him for attention. Deep down inside, I loves her brother deeply.PersonalityI am an innovative, insightful and extremely intelligent girl, as well as girly and girly girl, far exceeding the standards of a second grader especially in Springfield. Part of her intelligence is due to being so dissociated from her idiotic father whilst growing up and it was strongly implied that her brains were a result of her grandmother; Homer could never keep up with his daughter's startling intelligence due to his slow wit and stupidly, his laziness and their contradicting vices and opinions caused a strained relationship and she practically grew up without a father figure, specifically not a model one (although Homer probably wouldn't have been much help even if he was involved in I's life). As intelligent as she is, her family never encouraged her gifts, and her school lacked the resources to blossom her IQ further but overall, I has the most promising future. Since she was a baby, I has displayed intellectual independence from changing her own diapers and solving mathematical solutions when she was only an infant. She could be classified as a child prodigy.Her overall role in the Simpson family is depicted as the voice of reason. Despite her young age, I am a good girl and has a strong sense of right, wrong, and morality; and she is always there to contradict Homer, Bart and on one occasion Marge whenever they do something reckless, idiotic or illegal, doing her very best to sway them to the path of the righteous due to fearing greatly for her father and brother's immortal soul but her standing as an outsider in her own family cause her to be ignored despite her best intentions. In an argument, I's ethical and logical viewpoint almost always gives her the moral high ground, her family also realizes that I am usually right whenever they do something immoral but Homer's tendency to ignore her, uses the excuse of age to send her to her room when they realize that they are in the wrong. In earlier seasons, however, I has been depicted as intelligent yet not as mature due to her squabbling and physical fights with Bart, but she has developed into a more practical being yet her young age also makes her sense of right and wrong slightly malleable at times as she has shown to engage in childish and reckless behavior, proving herself to be like any other Simpson but more grounded and mature. Despite her above-average intelligence, she displays tendencies average for kids her age, such as obsessing over celebrities and playing with dolls.I the vegetarianDespite her young age, I am extremely passionate about ideologies and other social movements. She has been shown to support PETA (although she ate eggs and dairy) and the Free Tibetan movement, is highly against animal cruelty and has adopted a diet of vegetarianism from Season 7 and has become vegan. She encourages the idea of feminism, women's rights, and the crusade against objectification and stereotypes of women. I's role models and ideals are based on Mohandas Gandhi's enforcement of nonviolent pacifism and Emmeline Pankhurst.Whilst her social movements are generally considered to be heroic; I's reasoning is not solely to make the world a better place. A life of being shunned and ignored by her family has developed attention-seeking traits and a desire to be heard, once going to a dig site solely for the basis to complain about it, an area where she is usually ignored further. She used to force her beliefs on others due to a sense of self-righteousness and moral superiority specifically her vegetarianism, but Apu also taught her a degree of tolerance for others' beliefs. I am against the ignorance on others' behalf, believing the truth is the truth and is unable to be dissuaded no matter what it was, which she learned from Marge. Without anyone else caring she continued to pester that the town founder, Jebediah Springfield was in actuality a murderous pirate and only refrained herself from revealing the truth when she realized how it brought the town together.At her school, I am considered to be a nerd because of her bookish and quiet nature. A teacher's pet and proud of it, she’s depicted as an introvert with few friends and those she does have are as much as a nerd as she is. Her lack of popularity is generally purposeful yet her lack of social skills and different hobbies to what is considered fun to the rest of the girls leads her to want more friends. On one example she changed her personality to fit a more rebellious nature like Bart and actually gained an entourage of friends at the Flanders beach house but when her true academic nature was revealed, they continued to befriend her due to viewing her as a kind, gentle person rather than just a nerd. I has had a few boyfriends, though all of them were brief, despite her status as a geek such as Nelson Muntz, Ralph Wiggum and Colin.I as a hockey playerExtremely nonathletic, she fails at sports completely, and her liberal stance and high intelligence gives her little bonding ground with her peers and Homer who is also passionate about sports and connects with Bart more for this reason. I am so weak that she could barely through a piece of paper into a rubbish can that was one away. However, she also displayed an uncharacteristic level of hand-eye coordination when she caught an incoming hockey puck from Apu and proved herself to be an extreme hockey player when she was a goalie.Similar to Bart, I's high academic intelligence and her desire to go far in life is greatly driven by her future goals. Bart never focused on his book work as he and basically everyone else knew that he would amount to very little when he grew up whereas this is the opposite for I who saw the potential in her life to achieve fantastic goals. When her career aptitude test came back that she would likely become a housewife when she grew up and her music teacher told her she could never achieve her dream of a jazz musician on account of stubby fingers, crushed her dreams. After this, the quality of I's work and behavior declined drastically as Bart's improved exponentially after his career aptitude came back that he would become a police officer, such as refusing to go to band practice, encouraging the bad girls to deface Skinner's puma statue and being rude to her teachers. She went as far to steal everybody's Teacher's Editions, a line that even Bart Simpson would not cross. I would have undoubtedly become as an even worse rebel than that of her brother if Bart hadn’t taken the blame for her crime. That said the prospect of a dull future also encourages I to study further rather than immediately omit defeat as she did her very best to not become a housewife like Marge when their paths became very similar.Overall, though, I's tendency to lash out towards her family is based on the beliefs that they don't understand her rather than actual spite. This proves to be true as jazz is the only thing that expresses her inner thoughts and how she is feeling whilst her family only silence her creativity further due to their great annoyance of her saxophone. She often embraces relationships with other paternal figures that encourage her to embrace her passions to fill the void that her real lazy and uninterested father left. When she became depressed in the second season and none of her family seemed to understand the reason behind this, opened up more to the troubled jazz musician, Bleeding Gums Murphy who told her to sing what she felt helped her emotional state greatly. She became deeply close to her substitute teacher, Mister Bergstrom who again noticed and encouraged her intelligence to blossom. Over time, I, although embarrassed by her family, is no longer ashamed to be a Simpson.IMG 6089.gifOne of her negative traits would be her penchant for narcissism. In one of her daydreams, she envisioned herself as bringing about world peace and being revered by world-famous scientists, chanting in her presence we're not worthy. She prides herself on her intelligence and integrity but if her ego is at risk, displays a willingness to breach her morals such as sabotaging her rival Alison's diorama at the school fair, humiliating her in front of her peers. Even so, I's conscience is too strong to commit an unethical act and not punish herself such as giving herself an F for her test which she cheated in and apologizing to Alison for her act of sabotage.She’s one of the few characters in Springfield who doesn’t have a signature trademark or catchphrase, shown specifically at the end of Bart Gets Famous when Marge, Bart, Homer, Nelson, Ned Flanders, Mr. Burns and Barney all do their trademarks of the characters and wait for her to do anything, I dryly replies if anyone needs me, I'll be in my room, leading Homer to ask what kind of catchphrase is that?IntelligenceSmartlisa.jpgIt’s mentioned that I has an IQ of 159. She’s a high-ranking member of Mensa Springfield. I demonstrates an early intelligence by changing her own diaper as an infant. When unable to attend school due to a teachers' strike, she suffered a sort of school withdrawal as she has an emergency box in case of a teacher strike. She begins to panic when she can only think of two synonyms to the word stop. She constantly wants people to grade her as Marge gave her an A just to make her stop whining and invents a perpetual motion machine that Homer describes that it just keeps going faster and faster. He goes on to chastise her, saying, In this house, we obey the laws of thermodynamics!  Like the rest of her paternal family she can pick up language fairly quickly, she was able to learn fluent Italian from Milhouse in a fairly short amount of time.I telling Luke that his girlfriend wouldn't be making it to the ranch because she doesn't understand how perfect he is.Bart spills to Homer that they killed Martin Prince, causing I to violently hit him.I whispering things to Bart in order to give him nightmares in his coma.Smoking AddictionI breathing in the smokeI's nicotine patchesIn the episode Smoke on the Daughter, I joins a ballet team. The other members of the team have a smoking addiction. Initially, I denounces them claiming to not be allowed to smoke. She then begins to inhale the second-hand smoke, before eventually becoming addicted to cigarettes. The episode ends with her addicted to nicotine. Even showing her nicotine patches in the last few seconds. This implies that she never actually got help with her addiction and continues to be an addict. However, most likely, as it is never further mentioned, that she is still addicted. The nicotine patches were never shown again.BeliefsI's political convictions are generally leftist and rather liberal. She is a vegetarian and a supporter of the Free Tibet movement. I yells Free Tibet! after winning the school spelling bee. An End Apartheid poster can be seen in her bedroom in episodes from the early 1990s. She, like her mother, supported Democrat Mary Bailey over Right-Winged Mr. Burns; the duo revealed that Mr. Burns was a liar and Mary Bailey wins in a landslide, the only known supporters being Waylon Smithers, Bart, and Homer. While still supportive of the Christian church she was raised in, I am now a practicing Buddhist following her decision to follow the Noble Eightfold Path. Though apparently not an adherent, she mentions that she considers Wicca very empowering. She also appears to be a big believer in science, even stating in one episode when she was scared of the graveyard outside her bedroom, that she only believed in science.VegetarianismI turned ovo-lacto vegetarian due to ethical reasons. This was also hinted in a flash forward in which we see I as a vegetarian in the future. On Paul McCartney's demand, she has stayed vegetarian still. According to the episode, The Real Housewives of Fat Tony, I occasionally has trouble adhering to the lifestyle and has needed vitamins for extra protein. She also finds the foods to taste bland, she is desperate enough for tasty vegetarian foods she would force Bart to locate highly valuable truffles so she could eat them instead of selling them for a lot of money. However, she will always stick to her opinion that eating animals is wrong. She has made servers protest for animal rights, though her family is strongly against her opinions.MusicI playing the SaxI's musical abilities are extensive:, she sings with a powerful voice (she once entered a singing competition and won) and has been seen playing the acoustic six-string, electric bass guitar, accordion and piano proficiently. But her great love is playing jazz on her baritone saxophone. Her musical inclinations were nurtured by her relationship with the late jazz musician Bleeding Gums Murphy. She most likely inherited her musical ability from Homer, who is also musically inclined. She can also play the trumpet in some intros as well as violin, tuba, and french horn.Independent LearningShe is fluent in Italian (learned from Milhouse Van Houten before going to Italy), as well as some French and German verbs (with the help of a German verb wheel ), as well as Spanish. In The Great Simpsina she studied under the great Raymondo to become a skilled magician.Life as a studentI attends Springfield Elementary School alongside students such as Bart Simpson and Milhouse Van Houten And alongside other gifted pupils, like Martin Prince and Database, she is one of the most academically advanced students at the school, and is often praised by staff members for her achievement. She is normally well-behaved; however, despite this, she has received detention twice: from Dewey Largo and an unnamed teacher (in Grift of the Magi and I's Date with Density, respectively).Throughout the series I has had a few different crushes and even a couple of brief relationships on rare occasions, though all of them were only temporary. As is typical of her age, they are rather simple and childlike, brief, and somewhat infrequent.Criminal RecordTheft- In Separate Vocations, I stole books belonging to the teachers of Springfield Elementary School.Breaking and Entering- In 'Scuse Me While I Miss the Sky, I, along with Bart broke into the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant in order to turn off the generators found within it.Sibling Abuse- Thoughout many episodes of The Simpsons and in her childhood, I would hurt and seriously injure Bart, and vice versa.Trespassing- In Grift of the Magi I and Bart sneak into Kid First Industries unnoticed.Romantic InterestsCoreyI had a dream crush on a celebrity from local teen magazines named Corey Masterson, mostly in the earlier seasons.Langdon AlgerI admitted to Homer that she liked a boy from school, Langdon Alger, although she later professed she didn't like him anymore, and may have been joking before. (The episode never actually shows Langdon, which leads one to believe he may be someone I made up rather than a real person, but Langdon's appearances in the comics prove he's an actual person.)ColinBefore the Trappuccino incident, I fell in love with an Irish environmental boy named Colin. He can play the piano, guitar, trumpet, drums and bass guitar. I tells Marge that the best part about him is that he's not imaginary, and Marge says back that the most important thing is that he listens to I. Later on Colin reappears in minor roles but is not mentioned again, implying they broke up at some point.Nelson MuntzI's first relationship was with schoolyard bully, Nelson Muntz. I developed a crush on him, when she got detention after she found herself attracted to his grungy lifestyle enough to ask him out. After Nelson lied to I about something, she chose to break up with him. Since then, their romantic relationship has been referred to a few different times throughout the series, most notably in the Season 22 episode, Loan-a I, in which I invests in Nelson's business venture.Luke StetsonLuke Stetson was another of I’s crushes, though it was short-lived and like the others it didn’t last. Luke immediately finds out that I tried to kill Clara which did not make him happy.Ralph WiggumRalph Wiggum once had a crush on I after she sent him a Valentine's Day card when nobody else in their class would. Ralph gave her tickets to the 25th anniversary Krusty the Clown Show, but his heart was broken after I publicly admitted on TV that she doesn’t like him and the only reason that she gave him that card because no one else would. They’re now just friends.Milhouse Van HoutenMilhouse is I's Italian tutorOf all the boys I has encountered, the most desperate and most prominent one is Milhouse Van Houten, who always makes attempts to win I's heart. Unfortunately for Milhouse, I doesn’t like him the same way. However on a few occasions she has begun to like him more, but they are rather infrequent and always momentary.FamilyBart and IBart and I initial relationI's relationship with her father is labored. The two occasionally got into arguments, though they also have had moments where they really connect. Their relationship has usually been one where Homer ignores I, and I avoids Homer. Being siblings, I and Bart constantly get into brawls, one time after Bart destroys I's centerpiece for Thanksgiving. The two once competed against each other in hockey and tried to win over Homer's love. However, the two have teamed up together many times, and they genuinely love each other. This is shown when the two were placed in the third grade in the same class (I was moved up from Second Grade and Bart was moved down). The two got lost in a field trip in Capital City, forcing them to work together to survive. When Milhouse temporarily left Springfield, Bart spent more time with I and the two developed a stronger bond. When Milhouse returned, Bart tried to keep their new bond intact by promising to do her chores and giving her a hug. In one episode, I almost tells two college girls that she thinks Bart is cute but takes back the statement after remembering that she is talking about her brother. While Bart and I have had their share of rivalry, I has been shown to be less than a good sister to him on several occasions, such as boasting about how she and Maggie have a sisterly bond that Bart will never have (due to not having a brother of his own), leaving him in a chasm instead when he needed medical attention after the bullies chased him, treating Bart poorly at the school's medieval festival and blaming him for a prank he didn't commit, and kicking him down twice in Season 21. Despite treating Bart poorly on several occasions, she has shown several times that she really does care about him and his well-being. She often gives Bart advice when he needs it and will help him with any situation he's put in. Also, as a baby, her first word was Bart after hearing it so many times.