I, also known as Experiment 626, is an illegal genetic experiment created by Jumba Jookiba, one of the titular protagonists of the Lilo & I franchise alongside Lilo, and the most prominent lead character of the franchise overall, appearing in all major media. His original primary function is to cause chaos across the galaxy by destroying everythingItouches. He is designed to be abnormally strong, virtually indestructible, super-intelligent, and very mischievous. His one true place is with Lilo and her ʻohana.Background and appearancesExperiment 626 was the 626th genetic experiment created by Jumba, and the first to be made without Hämsterviel's funding. He was designed to be virtually indestructible, fireproof, bulletproof, shockproof, think faster than a supercomputer, have super sight and hearing, and lift objects 3,000 timesmyown weight (but not an ounce more). He was created by Jumba from six or more of the galaxy's deadliest predators, though instead of him appearing vicious,Iappeared to be cute and fluffy. Shortly aftermycreation, the intergalactic police arrived to arrest 626 and Jumba, preventing 626's molecules from being fully charged in the process.Lilo & II shortly after arriving on EarthJumba and 626 were taken to the planet Turo to stand trial. When 626 replied to the Grand Councilwoman's attempts to reason with him with an obscene phrase,Iand Jumba were declared guilty, and 626 was escorted by Captain Gantu to be exiled on a desert asteroid.However, 626 was able to escapemydetention cell (thanks to the incompetence of the lieutenant left to guard him) and steal a federal police cruiser. 626's cruiser was soon fired upon by a fleet of police cruisers, and, in an attempt to escape, 626 activatedmycruiser's hyperdrive, but the damage inflicted on the police cruiser by the fleet caused it to exit hyperspace over Earth and crash-land on the island of Kauai.I providing shade to sea turtlesShortly after landing, 626 was run over by a convoy of trucks, knocking him out, and taken to the local dog shelter. When 626 awoke,Iattempted to escape the shelter but was forced to retreat back inside by an attack frommyown creator. Soon after, 626 saw Lilo looking for a pet dog. Seeing the little girl as an unaware hostage, 626 alteredmyappearance to look less otherworldly and pose as a dog in order for her to adopt him. The plan worked and Lilo adopted 626 and named him I.Using Lilo as an unsuspecting hostage and Pleakley's concern for humans, Jumba was unable to try and capture I wheneverIwas near Lilo. At first, Lilo only mattered to I as a hostage, but over time, Lilo taught I how to love others asmyʻohana. As a result, I eventually left to findmyown ʻohana whenIsaw the damageIwas causing Lilo's. Instead, I discovered the evil behindmyorigins from Jumba.I discoversmyoriginsWhen Jumba confronted I, the latter engaged Jumba in a standoff to protect Lilo, which ended in a tie when Jumba's plasma cannon exploded. I then revealedmyalien origins to Lilo and later helped rescue her using a tanker truck when she was mistakenly captured by Gantu. Afterwards, I was captured and arrested by the intergalactic police, but then allowed to stay on Earth as exile due tomychange of heart and Lilo's legal ownership of him.Lilo & I 2: I Has a GlitchJumba noticing my glitchAbout a year after the events of the previous film, I was fearing thatIwould revert tomydestructive programming.Though all seemed well for I at first,Ibegan to suffer from glitches (caused bymymolecules not being fully charged duringmycreation beforemycapture), during whichIwould experience seizures and temporarily revert tomyoriginal, destructive programming.The damage my glitches caused began to drive a wedge between him and Lilo and was ruining the latter's chances of winning the hula competition. Because Lilo was so concerned with winning the hula competition, she failed to notice my glitches or thatIhad no control over it. Thus, Lilo blamed I for the destructionmyglitches were causing and neglected to help him.Eventually, the two devised a hula based on the legend of Hiʻiaka, but as my glitches ruined their practice sessions, Lilo became increasingly mad with him.Just before the competition, I attempted to make up with Lilo, butIsuffered another glitch during whichIaccidentally scratched Lilo. Visibly upset by this, I stole Jumba's ship to banish himself to an uninhabited planet wheremyglitches could not cause any harm. However, beforeIcould activate the hyperdrive to send him to one,Isuffered another glitch which caused him to crash the ship into the Hawaiian mountains.Lilo then arrived and dragged a near-death I from the wreckage and into Jumba's fusion chamber, praying thatIwould be okay as she pulled the switch. Unfortunately, she was too late and I temporarily died. However, Lilo's love for I successfully revived him and fully chargedmymolecules.I! The MovieI dressed in a hula costumeAt the start of I! The Movie, I am shown having a difficult time connecting with the island locals during a beach party, feeling thatIdoesn't fit in and is too much of an outcast. Though Lilo tries to comfort him,Iseeks Jumba in hopes of learning about having others likeIand the evil scientist. However, Jumba explains that, in the vast universe,Iand I are alone and lack, what Lilo calls, cousins.Later on, I discovers Jumba's first 625 genetic experiments locked in a crate, in the form of dehydrated pods. In order to rescue a kidnapped Jumba, a trade between Dr. Jacques von Hämsterviel and Jumba for the experiments is organized, but it instead results in the freedom of the experiments and the capture of Lilo and I. Hämsterviel then tries to clone I, butIwas rescued by Experiment 221 (Sparky). I then rescued Lilo and landed Hämsterviel's spacecraft back in Kauai, where the Grand Councilwoman waited to arrest the evil rodent. She then puts I and Lilo in charge of capturing and taming the other illegal genetic experiments scattered on the island.Lilo & I: The SeriesI behaving like a dogIn Lilo & I: The Series, I and Lilo have to capture Jumba's experiments, turn them from bad to good, and find them each a home before Gantu, 625, and Hämsterviel capture them and use them for evil. Due to being the most physically capable, I am often the one who defeats Gantu and subdues the experiment, leaving it up to Lilo to rehabilitate them. Along the way, I meetsmymatch 627 (who is tougher than him), andIeventually defeats him.He is also affected by fourteen experiments' powers: Amnesio wipes outmymemory; Babyfier turns him into a baby (along with Nani, Jumba, and Pleakley); Spike makes him goofy; Bugby turns him into an insect; Spooky turns into water and nearly drowns him (thus traumatizing him in the process untilIovercomes it); Lax makes him lazy; Dupe clones him into four, weakeningmystrength; Frenchfry serves him unhealthy meals (along with Lilo and Pleakley) and fattens him up into a giant bowling ball; Swapper switches I and Lilo's minds; Yaarp blastsmymegaphone, temporarily deafening I; Snooty sucks outmymucus, temporarily putting him out of commission; Swirly hypnotizes him; Drowsy (in the episode PJ) puts him to sleep; and Houdini makes him invisible. He also meets Experiment 624 (Angel), who is introduced as a love interest for I.Over the course of the series,Iand Lilo have also had adventures with Kim Possible, Penny Proud, and the Recess gang.Leroy & II as captain of the Galactic ArmadaAfter all of the first 624 experiments were captured and rehabilitated, I was assigned to replace Captain Gantu by the Grand Councilwoman as a reward, but found himself missing Lilo andmyʻohana.He was soon assigned to recapturing Hämsterviel, but got in a fight with the newly-created Leroy,myred evil twin. Though I had the upper hand for most of the battle, Pleakley's untimely arrival caused I to dropmyguard, enabling Leroy to strike the final blow and get I locked in a capsule.Hämsterviel attempted to dispose of I, Jumba and Pleakley by sending them into a black hole, but I broke free and was able to use a rock to cause the black hole to instead transport them to Turo in time to save Lilo, Gantu and Reuben from a group of Leroys.They then returned to Earth in time to save the other experiments from Hämsterviel and the Leroys, and I led the experiments in a battle against the Leroy army.I, Lilo and Reuben eventually defeated the winning Leroy army with the song Aloha ʻOe, and I willingly resigned and returned to Earth tomyʻohana.I! animeI and Yuna doing a pinky swearIn the anime spin-off, set years after the events of Leroy & I, Lilo left for college and I felt enough of a void inmylife thatIchose to leave Kauai and go back into space.He started reverting tomydestructive programming and escaped while Jumba and Pleakley tried to locate and rescue him, but years later,Iwould land back on Earth on Izayoi Island, off the coast of Okinawa. Soon joined by Jumba and Pleakley, they make a new life with a young girl named Yuna, and I seeks the magic powers of the Spiritual Stone, an object that can grant any wishIwants, in this case, wanting power. But the magic only works by doing good deeds, and I now faces the return of Hämsterviel and a once-again disgraced Captain Gantu, along with various experiment threats.Eventually, I reunites with Lilo again when she, now fully grown, visits Okinawa with her identical looking daughter, Ani, though things get tricky when Gantu and Hämsterviel use Morpholomew to take advantage of the situation. I decides to stay with Yuna in her hometown instead for the time being.Also, it is revealed that a special power cell was hidden inside I duringmycreation. This immense power is latent, but it can be used in times of dire situation. For instance, increased love and support frommyfriends activated this boost of power inside of I, whichIthen used to defeat Dark End.I & Aimy newly-introduced destructive form as depicted in this promotional posterThis Chinese spin-off series is set chronologically after the events of Leroy & I but before the events of the anime, although it was produced without any consideration towards the latter.In this series, it is revealed that I has additional programming which causes him to under go a metamorphosis when activated. This transforms him into a large monster capable of destroying not only cities, but star systems as well. The information about my programming is hacked and spreads throughout the galaxy. This causes I to be kidnapped by the Jaboodies, who had failed in their own attempts at re-creating Jumba's Experiment 626 research and wish to use I to end their space war against the Woolagongs. When their ship is raided by the Woolagongs, I uses the confusion to escape and falls back to Earth. After surviving re-entry,Iends up landing in the Huangshan Mountains in China and befriends a young girl named Wang Ai Ling. In order to help contain I and stop the Jaboodies and Woolagongs, the Galactic Federation sends Jumba and Pleakley to monitor I in China.I & the SamuraiIn this manga, I escapes the United Galactic Federation in a stolen police cruiser spaceship by using its hyperdrive to make a blind jump that ends up on Earth. However, instead of traveling through just space,Ialso travels through time;Icrash-lands in Japan during the Sengoku period, in whichImeets battle-weary samurai warlord Meison Yamato. After a brief struggle, Yamato is not only impressed by my strength, but the sight of the little blue tanuki causes him to have a thought thatIhas never had before: cute. Thus, the warlord takes in the alien, not only making I part ofmyarmy, but also developing an unlikely bond.PersonalityI snugglingmylittle stuffed turtle after a nightmareBefore I was rehabilitated,Iwas a vicious, hyperactive, selfish, and extremely aggressive and mischievous creature. AfterIwas rehabilitated by Lilo, althoughmymischievous, destructive, and aggressive tendencies remained,Ipossessed a heart of gold.He also seems to like turtles, being there is a picture of I shading two sea turtles in the credits of the original Lilo & I movie and snuggling a stuffed turtle after a nightmare in Lilo & I 2: I Has a Glitch. As well as having a soft spot for turtles,Ialso seems to like frogs. He gently moves frogs out of harm's way constantly and seems to talk to them as if they aremyfriends. These likes may be a sign that I may be growing fond of Earth creatures.Starting off bad whenIwas programmed by Jumba Jookiba, I was originally designed to create pandemonium and chaos whereverIwas. He was drawn to large cities whereIwould back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal people's left shoe, but Lilo changedmyways a while after adopting him at an animal shelter.I am still prone to having temper tantrums when things don't gomyway, orIsees thatIs been squirted by a water bottle for something thatIthought was good. SoIisn't good all of the time. Or more accurately,Iisn't well-behaved all of the time. He also gets easily angered by inanimate objects, especially the toaster. The toaster has popped toast inmyface once, and since then,Ihas beaten up the toaster and juiced it at least twice. He is a complex character. According tomycreator Jumba, I am a destructive machine who was not given a greater purpose in life. Since I am trapped on an island in Hawaii, where there are relatively few things to destroy,Ihas many occasions to reflect on occupations other than evil. It is implied that I am only destructive because that is whatIwas programmed to do; but sinceIhas a personality ofmyown (a fact that only Lilo, and Jumba truly understand),Ialso has the choice, and even the will, not to be destructive.Despite having superhuman strength and a high level of computer intelligence, I am emotionally fragile and has a childlike personality beneathmymonsteresque exterior. Lilo believes that one reason whyIoriginally pursuedmydestructiveness was for reasons similar to her own naughtiness—that it was becauseIwas emotionally scarred (for having been made a monster by Jumba), but received little or no understanding or sympathy from others. I becomes much more well-meaning aftermybetterment but is frequently unable to control all ofmydestructive impulses. Fortunately for him, Lilo (and later, Jumba, Reuben and Angel) is always there to support him andIreturns her support willingly.I has a huge appetite and gets very irritable ifIdoesn't get whatIwants to eat. Also, despitemytemper tantrums, I can sometimes have a little common sense and be more mature than Lilo. For example, when Lilo used the other experiments for her own personal gain (most notably, Sprout, Slugger, Checkers, Morpholomew, and PJ), I thought she went too far involving such experiments in her schemes.BiologyPhysical appearanceI am a blue-furred, koala-like experiment with aqua countershading aroundmyeyes and running from undermychin down tomystomach. The upper rims of the countershading around the eye sockets have black eyebrows. He has two dark blue markings; one onmyocciput (the back ofmyhead), and the other onmyback. His head features large rabbit-like ears with pink insides and dark blue tips on the back, a wide mouth with a pink inside, white teeth, a navy round nose, navy claws and toes, two nose wrinkles, one chin wrinkle, and large black, tear-shaped, pupil-less eyes. He also has a small, short, stumpy tail, stubby legs, three tufts of sharp fur on top ofmyhead and onmychest, as well as two extra, retractable arms, sharp navy retractable claws onmyfront and back paws (hands and feet), three thick, long, sharp, retractable porcupine-like spines tipped with white and a very dark navy that run downmyback, and two long dark blue-tipped retractable bug-like antennae onmyhead. His blood is neon pink in color, as shown in the first film whenmyblood is drawn as a DNA sample for the prison turrets to lock onto.In some promotional art withmydisguised dog form,Iwears a red flea collar with a gold name tag. However,Ialmost never wears a collar in the actual film or the rest of the animated canon.Inmytrue alien form,Iformerly wore a red spacesuit with an upside-down triangle consisting of a red border and yellow center onmychest, with each ofmysleeves and patches consisting of a dark red border and orange center on each ofmylegs, black belt with a dark red square buckle, both black collar, cuffs, and anklets. His spacesuit was shredded to bits whenIwas run over by three trucks shortly after crash-landing on Earth.Covered in blue fur and having exceptionally large ears formybody, which measures around a third ofmyheight, I am an unusual thing to see wandering the streets. Usually,mysmile scares people, asmygums are lined with nothing but sharp teeth.my ears both have a little notch missing, though both in different places (although in Lilo & I 2: I Has a Glitch, it was shown thatIinitially had pierced ears);mylower left ear and upper right ear have a triangular piece of flesh that is missing from them. He has got large black eyes that turn green when usingmynight vision, red when using infrared vision, bright green when using x-ray vision, purple when using ultraviolet vision, and white when using binocular vision.His arms differ frommyhind legs, asmyfront paws look more like little hands andmyback feet have flat pads. Each ofmypaws have four digits (fingers and toes) that are tipped with sharp claws that help I to attackmyenemies, although the toe claws are shorter and more blunt.There have been a few instances in the franchise in which several creatures' DNA from which my genetic template was created are discussed. In the Disney Adventures comic titled: Experiment 626!, we see four fearsome creatures whose DNA I possesses in addition to a domesticated dog from Earth, although the comics were later rendered non-canon. In The Origin of I, we learn that I has had some ofmyDNA sampled from the following creatures:Fearsome Manglyoid of Upmoridian FourGoo-Gobbling Booger-BeastPeople-Eating Puss MonkeyDeadly DisembowelerBoiling Tongue-BoidBottom Feeding Scum SuckerSpecial abilitiesWhile explainingmycreation to the Galactic Council early on in Lilo & I, Dr. Jumba gives the following rundown of my powers: He is bulletproof, fireproof, shockproof, and can think faster than [a] supercomputer. He can see in the dark and can move objects 3,000 timesmysize. His only instinct: to destroy everythingItouches!Feral mind (temporarily): In the original Lilo & I film, Jumba claimed that my destructive tendency was taking effect and thatIwould be irresistibly drawn to large cities to back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal everybody's left shoe.Superhuman durability/Dense body tissue: Even though we rarely see I shot at with a bullet,Idoes survive the crash ofmyspaceship without even a scratch, is only briefly stunned by a fall of several thousand feet, and has to be run over by three tractor trailers in succession to be knocked out.Fireproof skin: He drives a tanker truck of gasoline into a volcano and ends up only a little singed from the resulting explosion.Bulletproof skin: Rounds fired from plasma guns seem to cause him some discomfort, althoughIcan hold the material inmyhands long enough to throw the plasma back atmyenemies.Shockproof: He has some resistance to electricity sinceIwas able to take a direct electrical attack from Sparky, quickly recovering from it. However,Ican still feel pain from these types of shocks despitemyimmunity to it.Hyper-cognition: Thinking faster than a supercomputer is harder to quantify, butIdoes escape from captivity fairly ingeniously; builds a model of San Francisco after only glancing at a postcard; grabs a crossword puzzle from the table and finishes it in about seven seconds; builds a bomb out of a plasma bolt, a doll, and a roller skate; creates a bucking bronco out of a toaster, vacuum cleaner, and a lamp; reads aloud a description of a local museum's display, showingIis able to understand written language at a remarkable speed; manipulatesmymoral compass by using a human being as a shield in Jumba and Pleakley's presence; and generally picks up quickly on what is happening around him.Lingual intuition: I can converse fluently in over twenty different languages, but prefers Tantalog mynative language).Parallel computing: He is an information repository, containing an internal dictionary, thesaurus, encyclopedia, and experiment catalog, and records every moment ofmylife in a reserved portion ofmybrain that can theoretically store up to 300 PB.Instrument player: He is also skilled at playing musical instruments, most notably the ukulele, thanks tomyquick learning.Vehicle intuition: I can drive any sort of vehicle from something as simple as a tricycle to complex machinery like intergalactic spaceships.Superhuman strength: His ability to lift objects 3,000 timesmyown size and weight is seen several times throughout the franchise, including incidents whereIpicks up a descending blasted door, hits Dr. Jumba with a thrown Volkswagen Beetle (shouting gleefully, Blue punch buggy! No punch back!), and stops an 18-wheeled tanker of gasoline dead in its tracks. The reason why I can lift 3,000 timesmyown weight, even thoughIhas small arms, is becausemymuscles contain excessively compressed amounts of myofibril within one muscle cell. This muscular arrangement makes my muscles contract 1,000 times faster than a human's, making him much, much more powerful. The ability is sometimes joked about in the later series; for example, in I! The Movie, when Hämsterviel has I physically restrained for a cloning experiment, my restraints countermystrength at, as Hämsterviel loudly declares, to three thousand and one! times my weight, thoughIlater admits it was intended as a joke. This was further validated in the Lilo & I: The Series episode Swirly, when Gantu correctly guessed that I cannot lift even an ounce more than 3,000 timesmysize whenIadds a small ticket to the given load.Quadrupedalism: I can run and walk on all fours in a quadrupedal manner, similar to a dog.Wall crawling: While my claws are very strong, the pads onmyhands and feet can secrete a sticky substance, allowing him to scale and adhere to almost any surface, such as buildings and walls. He can also stand on walls and ceilings.Spherical form: His skeletal system is very flexible, allowing him to putmyfeet intomymouth and roll like a ball. This allows him to squeeze through tight spaces.Superhuman speed: I can move and run faster as shown when moving past Lilo and Pleakley while carrying Jumba, during a bet made with Lilo to catch Experiments 501 (Yin) and 502 (Yang), and hurrying from Gantu's ship back to the fundraiser while carrying Lilo. His speed is also usually used whenIs inmyspherical form. When I runs,myspeed doesn't automatically increase and can only achieve this by putting effort intomymuscles.Superhuman jump: my legs are small but, thanks to the muscle advancements mentioned above, are powerful enough to enable him to jump several feet into the air.Superhuman agility: I has extraordinarily greater agility, dexterity, balance, and body coordination, capable of doing feats far beyond an acrobat, such as leaping far distances, jumping off from wall to wall, swinging from vines, and standing on branches, wires, and narrow platforms. He is also capable of standing and walking onmypaws. The reason is I has a very flexible skeletal system that also allows him to squeeze through tight spaces.Superhuman reflexes: I am able to react and dodge plasma bolts from the plasma guns from Jumba and Gantu. When Jumba tried to shoot him, I caught the plasma bolts inmyhands. He was also able to catch some tennis balls withmyfour arms and even threw them back in the pitching machine.Superhuman stamina: my advanced musculature produces fewer fatigue toxins, allowing him to exert himself for extended periods of time. I can still fight, run, and even eat without tiring out; even when hunting for other experiments,Iwould hunt them for an entire day to when night comes.Electromagnetic vision: my eyes can magnify objects and pick up various forms of light, filtering out one eye or the other if necessary. Using normal vision,myeyes are a glossy, solid black and also magnifymyvision for better visibility.Night vision: When activated, my eyes turn green, permitting him to see clearly at night or in dark places.Infrared vision: When activated, my eyes turn red, permitting him to locate targets by their body heat. He most notably uses this in Houdini to track the titular experiment who can turn things, including himself, invisible.X-ray vision: When activated, my eyes turn bright green, permitting him to look through walls and other obstacles.Audio amplifier: He can act as an audio amplifier, radio, and/or microphone, illustrated whenIusesmyclaw as the needle on a record player and plays music throughmyopen mouth like a sound horn.Enhanced hearing and smell: He has an acute sense of smell and hearing. Concept designs detailing my anatomy describe the sensory filaments ofmynose being so dense and extensive that, if unraveled, could blanket Earth. While listening for Jumba and Pleakley, who were hiding on a hill outside the dog shelter,Iwas able to detect Pleakley speaking at a whisper.Skilled hand-to-hand combat: He is dexterously skilled in hand-to-hand combat, whether using all four arms or just two.Marksmanship: He is also dexterously skilled in marksmanship, using plasma blasters (even loaded with net to capture experiments).Venomous spines: In anatomy drawings of I from the film's production,myspines are described as being poisonous and connected to venom sacs inmyspinal cord.Shapeshifting: Inmyalien form,Ihas three spines onmyback, two antennae onmyhead, and an extra pair of arms. However,Iis able to retract all of these features to look more like a dog while on Earth and used this to become Lilo's pet.Semi-immortality: I cannot age. When Skip flashed ten years ahead,Idid not age whatsoever, but, for some reason, Babyfier's powder regressed him into an infant. This could simply meanIstops aging onceIis physically mature.Vacuum adaptation: Along with the rest ofmycousins, I can survive in the vacuum of space due to being a genetic alien.Power immunity: I has some resistance but not total immunity to the other experiments' powers. He is shown to be immune to some of the experiments' powers, such as Angel's siren song and Checkers' hypnosis, since I was created after them. While I was put to sleep by Drowsy,Iwas able to wake up onmyown without the need to be sprayed with water.Both of the two East Asian animated spin-offs add additional abilities to I not shown in the original Western continuity.Battery Storage: The third season of the I! anime shows thatIalso has a natural battery inmybody that can superchargemypowers.Transformation: In I & Ai, it shows that I has a metamorphosis code inmyDNA to assist him in carrying outmyprimary function. When the metamorphosis programming is activated,Itransforms into a gigantic and unstoppable monstrosity with four tentacle-like blasters capable of destroying not just cities, but planets and potentially entire star systems.Quill Retraction: In Tell the World,Iis also seen sprouting quills aroundmyneck.Gliding: In The Phoenix, I sprouts a patagium—a parachute-like membrane found in bats, birds, and other animals that assists in gliding or flight—to glide through the air, mainly for the sake of having some fun whileI Ai, and her cousin Bao head to a shrine that the titular phoenix heads to. (The trio were using a hang glider during their journey, and I deliberately jumps off it soIcan glide through the air without hanging on to the glider itself.) Unlike the metamorphosis program, neither the quills nor the patagium have any major factor into the episodes' plots or the metamorphosis program itself.WeaknessesProgram limits: my primary weakness lies inmyprogramming.Water: my greatest weakness ismyinability to float, let alone swim, in water due tomymolecular structure being much denser than the average human or animal. This causes him to instantly sink like a stone. I originally had an instinctive aquaphobia (which was even used against him by Spooky), butIwas able to overcome it thanks to Lilo's influence.Glitch (formerly): In I Has a Glitch, it is revealed that my molecules were not fully charged aftermycreation, which is proven to be very deadly oncemymolecules run out of power. As a result, I frequently experiences periodic glitches that have him revert tomyoriginal destructive programming; basically, suffering from a seizure disorder and having nightmares of destroying everything and everyone inmypath, including Lilo. However,mysuffers from these glitches were gone permanently after Lilo's love for him caused him to be fully charged at last.Memory erase from Crezonyte: It is shown in Kixx that if I consumes two different elements which form to create a particular chemical compound called Crezonyte, all ofmytraining skills will be wiped. Eating the rubber of a tennis shoe and palmitoleic acid (found in macadamia nut oil) together will result in this.Mucus drain: I am 62.7% mucus, which is similar in chemical composition to Snootonium. If this is drained frommybody,Iwill become temporarily exhausted from dehydration (evidenced when Snooty siphoned my mucus).Sonic blasts/Sensory overload: Another weakness is the fact thatmysuper-sensitive hearing can lead to temporary deafness when exposed to sonic blasts, such as Yaarp's destructive sound blast.Strength limit: As stated above,Icannot lift even an ounce past the 3,000 timesmyweight limit.Experiments' powers: While I am immune to Angel and Checkers' powers sinceIwas created after them, there are some experiments whose powersIis vulnerable to, such as Amnesio, Babyfier, Spike, Bugby, Lax, Dupe, Frenchfry, Swapper, Swirly, and Houdini. I can also be put to sleep by Drowsy, butIwas able to wake up onmyown without the need to be sprayed with water.Blades/Durability limit: While I can withstand plasma bolts, being beaten, and even the most hazardous environments, it is implied that I amn't resistant to bladed objects. This is shown when I was pierced by a Sample Extractor and able to take outmyblood.Trash ingestion: If I consumes vast amounts of trash,Iwill become incredibly sick as shown in Ploot. He first gets sick tomystomach and sneezes, thenmyfur turns yellow,mytongue becomes orange, andmynose turns red. Another symptom is, with each sneeze, an arm grows from random areas ofmybody. my garbage-eating illness was theorized as a rare space disease by Jumba. I was cured whenIdrank a barrel of orange juice and took medicine from an eyedropper, though it was only for a few seconds. WhenIsneezed again,Ideveloped yellow stripes and grew legs instead. The only permanent cure is inhaling steam from a vaporizer.Sauerkraut: According to Lilo, I am apparently allergic to sauerkraut. However, it was never shown what kind of allergic reactionIhas to sauerkraut or ifIeven actually has an allergy to it.