Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes. Even between the land and the ship.―I, to Luke SkywalkerI was a legendary Jedi Master who led the Jedi Order in the years leading up to its destruction by the Sith and the transition of the Galactic Republic into the Galactic Empire. Small in stature but revered for his wisdom and power, I trained generations of Jedi, ultimately serving as the Jedi Order's Grand Master.Iplayed integral roles in defending the Republic during the Clone Wars, passing on the Jedi tradition to Luke Skywalker, and unlocking the path to immortality.Born in 896 BBY, I was almost nine hundred years old in the latter days of the Republic. A leading member of the Jedi High Council, his contemporaries included other legendary Masters, such as Mace Windu and Ki-Adi-Mundi. During the Invasion of Naboo in 32 BBY, the maverick Qui-Gon Jinn introduced Anakin Skywalker to the High Council, believing with absolute certainty thatIhad discovered the prophesied Chosen One. The Jedi elders sensed that the boy was full of fear and anger and declined to trainI deeming Skywalker too old and emotionally compromised to commit himself to the Jedi Code. After Jinn's death during the liberation of Naboo, the High Council reversed their decision in spite of I's continued opposition to Skywalker's apprenticeship, having sensed grave danger in his training. At the same time, the Jedi discovered that their ancient nemesis, the Sith, had returned after a millennium in hiding. Aware of the Rule of Two, I was convinced that at least one more Sith Lord remained active following Obi-Wan Kenobi's victory over the Sith apprentice Darth Maul.Over the next decade, the galaxy was on the verge of civil war with entire star systems—led by Count Dooku, I's one-time Padawan—threatening to secede from the Republic by 22 BBY. Unable to defend the entire Republic on their own, the Jedi took command of the newly-formed Grand Army of the Republic, with I himself leading an army of clone troopers against the Separatist Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems in the first battle of the Clone Wars. For three years I led the Republic military's war effort as a Jedi General, determined to bring a swift and decisive end to the conflict, but his efforts were undermined by Darth Sidious, the Dark Lord of the Sith who conspired to destroy the Jedi and restore the Sith to power. After the Great Jedi Purge commenced in 19 BBY, killing thousands of Jedi both on Coruscant and across the galaxy, I confronted the self-declared Galactic Emperor but failed to cut short Sidious' reign and consequently retreated into exile, leaving the Sith Master to consolidate his power with a new apprentice, the former Anakin Skywalker-turned-Darth Vader, at his side. His remaining years were spent living in isolation on the remote world of Dagobah until Anakin's son Luke Skywalker sought out the legendary Grand Master in the hope of becoming a Jedi Knight. A year later, with his health rapidly declining, I died of old age and became one with the Force in 4 ABY, shortly before Luke redeemed his father Anakin, who fulfilled his destiny as the Chosen One by killing Sidious. For 800 years have I trained Jedi.―I, to Luke SkywalkerBorn nine-hundred years before the Battle of Endor, I belonged to an ancient and mysterious species and little was known of I's early life;Inever revealed his homeworld. AsIwas keenly attuned to the Force,Ijoined the Jedi Order as a youngling. After undergoing the ritual known as the Gathering,Ireceived his kyber crystal, and Professor Huyang helpedIconstruct his first lightsaber aboard the Crucible. At some point during his time as a youngling, I skipped across the lily pads in the Jedi Temple's meditation pond.I was paired up with a personal mentor. During their time together, I's Jedi Master toldIthe tale of K'ungfu and Chuang, two great Jedi of the past. Around the age of 100, I was ready to pass on whatIhad learned. Having attained the rank of Master,Ispent the next eight centuries training and tutoring generations of Jedi. It was estimated that over his lifetime,Itrained around twenty-thousand Jedi.High Republic EraEarly High Republic EraYou must choose the Force. One does not fall into being a Jedi Knight by mistake, hm? Or because it is convenient! You must choose the Force, with your whole heart. To do this, you must learn, again, to listen. To hear the world, the world outside of your own emotions. Even when they are very, very loud, heh, [like] a hurricane.―IA number of years before the showdown on Quantxi, I took part in a mission to Dalna, which was a planet in the Outer Rim Territories that had historical ties to the Jedi, Republic, and Ro family. On Dalna,Imet Elder Tromak of the Elders of the Path, a religious order that distrusted Force-sensitives due to believing the Force should only be appreciated from a distance, as if it was a fire. I came to forget Tromak but remembered the importance of his visit to Dalna.By the High Republic Era, I was considered a great Jedi Master.Ihad also gained a seat on the Jedi High Council and the rank of Grand Master. Two other Jedi—Lahru and Pra-Tre Veter—shared that title with I. Eventually the human Jedi Ry Ki Sakka also attained the position.Master of Kantam SyThe lesson of Younglings we take on is one of the hardest ones for most Jedi to learn. Indeed, some never do.Detachment.To let go. Elusive it is, but also, always available to us, always there. And then, when we grasp, gone again. Takes practice, it does. Repetition. To have to do it again does not mean we have failed, only that we must do it again. And again.―I and Kantam SyI held the title of Grand Master of the Jedi Order since the days of the High Republic Era.At some point, I took on a human named Kantam Sy as his Padawan. The two were stationed at the Jedi Temple on the planet Endovar. Sy was a very talented Padawan and was far ahead of their peers and even some of their elders, with I even admitting that they were the most disciplined PadawanIhad ever taught and one of the most connected to the Force. Despite this, I held off knighting Sy, for a reason that the Padawan did not understand until they began a romantic relationship with an acrobat named Aytar and realized that both I and them had been waiting for something like that to happen. Eventually, Sy decided to leave the Jedi Order, a decision partially incited by their newfound relationship with Aytar.I and Sy loved to spar with each other, and it was how the two often found understanding and how Sy often found inner harmony while troubled or when they had a problem. Even when they didn't find a solution during a match, they would leave feeling like an answer was out there. When Sy traveled to the meditation room in the Endovar Jedi Temple in order to tell I about their decision, I challenged them to a sparring match, remembering that they had dueled many times in that room and saying that this duel could be one final lesson. Sy agreed to the duel, as it was custom to not refuse a duel with Master I, but also realized that this meant I knew about their decision. I dodged Sy's question by engaging in combat, before saying that the time had come to make a choice, but not the one that Sy thought. I explained that the Force chose Sy just as it had chosen all other Jedi, and asked when Sy would choose the Force. Sy insisted that they chose the Force every day when they took part in their Jedi training, but after knocking Sy to the ground, I asked if we really make a choice when we don't believe there are any other options. I told Sy that there was a reasonIhadn't knighted them yet, before ending the duel, helping Sy up, and sitting down with Sy to meditate.Eventually Sy asked I if they should leave the Jedi Order, but I insisted that there was no 'should' and that the right thing to do is an idea we invent to make ourselves feel better. I also suggested that Sy had stopped listening, in the literal sense, and in a larger general sense. I explained that feelings are like wind, we can feel it, we can experience it, but it passes, though sometimes it can feel like a hurricane which can make it easy to give in to anger and fear. I told Sy that in order for them to continue to be a Jedi they must actively choose the Jedi Order and the Force and learn to listen to the world outside of their emotions even when they were as loud as a hurricane. Eventually, after a moment, Sy set down their lightsaber in front of I. I nodded at them, and then his Padawan leftI and the Jedi Order, behind. I was saddened but supported Sy through their departure. Sy would reflect on the conversation they had that day throughout the rest of their life.Over a year later, Sy returned to the Jedi, and met with I on the Endovar. I was in the process of helping a pet Happabore named Monsalmo at the time, after being awoken from a nap by the creature's squealing. I was used to dealing with her complicated behaviors, including finding her inside the temple underneath the younglings' bunks. This time, Monsalmo was pregnant and had climbed onto the roof of her pen to avoid giving birth in a fuel spill. However, the roof could not hold the creature's weight and it collapsed. I caught Monsalmo with the Force, but at that same time she started to give birth to her pups, so I had to carry them with the Force too. Just then, Sy and a Force-sensitive girl they had rescued on the planet Naboo named Lula Talisola arrived and both used the Force to help I carry Monsalmo and her pups. I welcomed Sy back, telling them that they had left a Padawan and returned a Knight. A few hours later, I knighted Sy in a modest ceremony so that they could take on Talisola as their Padawan learner.After the ceremony, Sy and I sat around a fire near the happabore enclosure and discussed the events that had occurred. Sy expressed that they didn't understand how one second they felt so sure in their path separate from the Order but was then pulled back to it when they saved Talisola. I explained that the young are the greatest teachers and the greatest lesson that can be learned from them is necessity of detachment and letting go, that being a Jedi was to let go. Sy realized that they had been the one that taught I that lesson. I revealed thatIhad struggled with Sy's departure and had been unsure of the future. The two then shared Sweetpuff jamwiches with Talisola.I and Kantam Sy speak with Lula Talisola.Sometime later, I and Sy met with Talisola in the Endovar Jedi temple. Sy told Talisola that the lesson she taught the two masters was the hardest one of all. Talisola hoped that it was front flips with a lightsaber, which made Sy retract their statement and say that it was the second hardest lesson to learn. I concurred, saying that the front flip was nothing simple. But the lesson that Sy wanted to teach Talisola was the same one that Sy had learned from her and I had learned from Sy: Detachment.Sometime before 232 BBY, I traveled to the Jedi temple on Takodana to pick up a Force-sensitive Aloxian child named Qort from Maz Kanata and Jedi Sav Malagán and bringIinto the Jedi Order.Time on the Star HopperChaos on the surface, there will be. Remember that the Force moves through you, through all living things, even in chaos. Move with the Force, we must. Never against it.―I during the Trymant IV disasterBy 232 BBY, I had taken a sabbatical from the Jedi Council, having felt the Force neededIon a different path. Thus, I joinedthe crew of the Jedi Padawan Academic Cruiser Star Hopper, allowingIto help train Padawans and younglings. I was also therefore able to help train Talisola, who was stationed aboard the Star Hopper.I appointed the Mon Calamari Jedi Master Ephru Shinn to hold his seat on the council whileIwas away. During the Great Hyperspace Disaster in the Hetzal system, Jedi Master Avar Kriss established a Force network, which was eventually aided by Jedi who were outside the system. I—located somewhere with the crew of younglingsIwas currently teaching—helped the effort, adding his focus to the network to ensure a Tibanna gas container did not collide with an R-class sun. Padawan Reath Silas briefly met I during some events both attended together.I, Torban Buck, and Lula Talisola fight the Nihil on Trymant IV.The Great Hyperspace Disaster also caused the Emergences, which were when giant pieces of debris exited hyperspace in various places throughout the galaxy and threatened to hit planets at near lightspeed. Eventually, the Trymant system was threatened by an Emergence. The staff of Republic Security Zone Monitoring Satellite 777B-Alpha reported the incident to the Starlight Beacon space station, who then asked the only Republic or Jedi ship immediately within range, the Star Hopper, to assist. Onboard was I along with fellow Jedi Master Torban Buck and a class of Padawans. As they traveled through hyperspace to the Trymant system, I told the Padawans to prepare for anything because they had no idea what was coming, but that the Force would reveal all. When they received the information that they were the only Republic or Jedi ship nearby to respond, one of the Padawans suggested that they stay back and wait for backup. But I insisted that they were Trymant's only hope and needed to press forward. Shortly before they exited hyperspace I had the Padawans report what information they had discovered about the calamity. I and Buck decided to stay on the Star Hopper to use the Force to divert the biggest pieces of debris but sent the Padawans in Rescue speeders to help on the surface of the planet.However, amid the chaos of the Emergence, a Spider Cruiser called the Squall Spider commanded by the Eye of the Nihil, Marchion Ro arrived in Bralanak City to pick up Tromak, whom Ro wanted the services of to find some information. When the Padawans attempted to get Nihil marauders to allow them to use the Spider Cruiser to evacuate civilians, a fight broke out, leading I and Buck to the surface to help the young Jedi and fight against the Nihil. During the fight, a Force-sensitive civilian named Zeen Mrala who had helped the Jedi against the Emergence and against the Nihil, told Masters I and Buck that her friend Krix Kamerat had been captured by the Nihil and needed to be rescued. Lula Talisola offered to go, but I insisted thatIwould go rescue the boy. Master Buck protested, believing thatIwas not a fighting Jedi and therefore should not be left to lead the Jedi, but I ignoredI I then protected the group of Jedi from a large plasma projectile lobbed at them by a Nihil marauder by cutting it into pieces with his lightsaber while it was still in the air. I then left to find Kamerat, but first asked Mrala to take her pet Cru Cham Cham withII discovers a piece of the Nameless control rod on a Nihil ship.Marchion Ro knew of I and his power, and whenIsawIon the planet told his subordinates to keep the Jedi Master away from the Squall Spider, but I managed to sneak aboard the ship nonetheless. I eventually found Kamerat and toldIthat they needed to leave quickly. I told Kamerat that Mrala had sentIand proved it by showingICham Cham. I then gave Kamerat a Holoprojector thatItold the boyIcould reach out to Mrala with whenIwas ready. However, Kamerat shortly after alerted the pirates that I was aboard. Having been raised by the Elders of the Path to fear the Force, only to see that his best friend Zeen Mrala had secretly been Force-sensitive and never toldI Kamerat felt betrayed and ended up siding with the Nihil because of that sense of betrayal. With the Nihil looking forI I ran from the marauders but uncovered that the Nihil had a strange, purple artifact in a storage crate. I hoped to escape quietly but Cham Cham made a loud cry that alerted the Nihil to their location and lead to a confrontation. I escaped and met up with Mrala, revealing to her that Cham Cham had eaten several Nihil limbs in the confrontation. I then told Mrala that she needed to come with them to Starlight Beacon. When she asked whyIhadn't saved Kamerat, I told her thatIcould not save someone who did not want to be rescued. With the Nihil drive from Trymant, I, Torban Buck, Zeen Mrala, and the Padawans traveled to Starlight Beacon in the Star Hopper.Following the Battle of Kur, I went with fellow Grand Master Pra-Tre Veter to Starlight Beacon. The two had a meeting with the Supreme Chancellor Lina Soh to discuss Bacta manufacturing for the relief effort for the Great Disaster, being in need of the right crops after what had occurred on Hetzal. But before their meeting, they visited the hub of the beacon to meet with Master Avar Kriss, and revealed to her that the council had convened and named her the Marshal of Starlight Beacon. Kriss also asked I ifIwas returning to the council, but I clarified thatIwas not finished on the Star Hopper. I later attended the Beacon's dedication ceremony, joining with his fellow Jedi in raising his lightsaber and declaring For light and life.I discusses Zeen Mrala and the Nihil's secrets with Estala Maru and Avar Kriss.After about a week, Zeen Mrala started settling in on Starlight very well, so Masters I, Avar Kriss, Kantam Sy, Estala Maru, and Torban Buck all went to check up on her and discuss her plans, with I even bringing pastry treats. The Masters deliberated and determined that she was too old to begin Jedi training and most likely could not be sent back to Trymant. Master Sy suggested that she should stay with them temporarily, as she had proved herself valuable, which I acknowledged was an excellent point. They did decide to let her stay, partially with the hope that she could be helpful against the Nihil. When it became clear that finding the Nihil would be a challenge, I revealed thatIhad given a holoprojector to Kamerat and one to Mrala. Mrala confirmed that they had had communications, which she apologized for, but I denied her apology and said that she might have just saved the day. I explained that they could use the holoprojectors to track the Nihil, but would have to be relatively close. I was determined to find the Nihil to figure out what the mysterious artifactIhad found was. The Jedi decided to travel to the Bright Jewel system, as there had been recent Nihil activity there, and see if they could pick up a signal.I flies a Jedi Vector in the Battle in the Bright Jewel system.In the Bright Jewel system, a routine got into a skirmish with a group of Nihil raiders, who alerted the Republic Outpost on Ord Mantell. I, Torban Buck, Kantam Sy, and many other Jedi flew Jedi Vectors out of the outpost to confront the Nihil. The conflict erupted into an all out battle. Eventually all of the Nihil fighters were defeated, but I was concerned, asIthought that it was too easy and that there therefore might be something wrong. Then the Jedi received a distress signal that they first believed was from the Ord Mantell base, until I suspected that it was not actually from the base. They determined the signal to be from the junk moon Quantxi, and so I ordered the Jedi to travel to the moon and send for backup from Starlight Beacon, thoughIalso worried that they were too late.DisappearanceMaster I is still missing. As you all know,Iwas my Master when I was a Padawan and I wishIwere here too. ButItold us not to followIand we must trust the Force on this.―Kantam SyI and Elder Tromak's shuttle is shot down over Vrant Tarnum.I journeyed to the junk moon of Quantxi with Masters Torban Buck and Kantam Sy to aid the Padawans of the Star Hopper against the Nihil force stationed there. However, I crossed paths with Elder Tromak, who had escaped the Nihil after being escorted off Trymant IV with Kamerat by Ro, after landing. I recognizedIfrom Trymant. Tromak offered the Jedi bogaranths to ride to the Nihil, clarifying that even thoughIhated Jedi, they had a common enemy. As Masters Sy and Buck saddled up onto the bogaranths, Tromak pulled I aside. Reminding I of their meeting on Dalna years prior,Iasked the Grand Master to journey withIto Kharvashark Ruins on Vrant Tarnum to stop the Nihil from recovering the second half of the mysterious artifact, with I informing Tromak that the Nihil already had half of the weapon. However, Tromak was inistent on keeping the artifact's location a secret, soItold I thatIcould not bring his comlink. I agreed to this, and after sending one last message to the other Jedi telling them not to followI the two traveled to the Stygmarn system above Vrant Tarnum. However, the two encountered a network of drones and were shot down, allowing Ro a to acquire the other half of the artifact.To the Jedi Order at large, I was suddenly missing in action. As the Drengir crisis and conflict with the Nihil dragged on, I's name became one of the many mentioned alongside Jedi who had gone missing or died during the conflicts.Iwas still missing by the time of the attack on Valo and ensuing Battle of Grizal, which both marked major escalations in tensions in the struggle between the Republic and the Nihil. In the latter engagement, Ro unleashed the living weapon known as the Great Leveler against the Jedi for the first time, using the completed artifact to control it. Remembering that I told them and Buck not to followI Sy told the Star Hopper's Padawans, after they asked whether they could go searching for the missing Jedi Master, that they needed to trust in the Force. But I's departure affected the Star Hopper's close crew in an incredibly deep way.Amid the stress of the Nihil conflict, the Jedi of Starlight Beacon use one of I's recipes to come together and better understand each other.During the skirmish on Xais, Master Avar Kriss recalled I's wisdom when Master Sskeer started to utilize extreme violence again, rememberingIfrequently saying that once you walk to the dark path it's forever in your heart. Sometime later, Masters Kantam Sy and Torban Buck gathered a group of Jedi to bake Master I's recipe for special baked sweet story custard cakes. The Masters claimed that the recipe specifically stated that the only way for the cakes to come out correctly is if the bakers told a story about cooperation while baking them, one in which they expanded their knowledge of what they were capable of, found trust in another person, or found a deeper understanding of the Force.Later, when Sy was assigned to investigate Nihil activity on Corellia with Master Cohmac Vitus, Sy mentioned that the young were the greatest teachers they could have, besides Master I. This prompted Vitus to ask if there was any word on the old Jedi Master, to which Sy explained that they could not feelI but that it didn't necessarily mean anything. Sy expressed their belief that if I had died, they all would have felt it, but Cohmac was still concerned with how longIhad been gone despite that. Sy also lamented that it felt like everything happening would be much easier to make sense of if I were there. Later, at Vitus's asking, Sy revealed toIthat Master I had let them do a walkabout of the Jedi Order, asIknew ifIdidn't it would have been the end of things between Sy and the Order, with Sy even telling Vitus the entire story including I's influence during the day they left and the day they returned to the Order. Cohmac also told Sy that they wondered what I would make of everything that was happening.After the Battle at Dol'har Hyde, an engagement that saw the capture of Nihil leader Krix Kamerat and his detainment aboard the Star Hopper, Zeen Mrala and Lula Talisola visited I's old quarters on the ship and reflected on the Jedi Master. Mrala missedIin a way that she thought was only possible to miss someone you'd known your whole life, and especially missed the Jedi's welcoming presence and his laughing face. She thought that they needed I's help more than ever since they'd captured Kamerat. Mrala asked Talisola if she thought I was ever coming back, and Talisola declared thatIdefinitely was and thatIwouldn't want them to be standing there worrying aboutIPadawans Reath Silas and Ram Jomaram also reflected on I's disappearance while on Corellia, with Silas saying thatIseemed likeIwould have been a pretty fun Master to Kantam Sy and thatIremembered being able to feel I's wisdom from a mile away. Both were Padawans were plagued with anxiety over I's disappearance and imagined nightmare scenarios about what happened toI which they admitted to each other. Silas mused that if I were there,Iwould have said Forgive himself, a Jedi must, mm? Not being ruled by fear does not mean not feeling any fear at all, mm! which Jomaram thought sounded very accurate.ReturnTo do this, though, to forge our path to the future, guided by the secrets of the past, we will be.―IConcurrent to the destruction of Starlight Beacon, Sy, Vitus, Jomaram, Silas, and Mrala joined Corellian bodyguards and civilians in fighting Nihil who were attempting to steal a fleet of MPO-1400 Purgill-class star cruisers and Republic Longbeam cruisers from the shipyards in Coronet City on Corellia in order to add to the chaos and destruction of the space station. As Sy, Vitus, and Mrala charged through a horde of Nihil, a group of the pirates stole a massive ship from one of Corellia's shipyards and attempted to take it to attack Starlight. However, the three Force-sensitives used the Force to stall the trawler and prevent it from escaping, but they had a weak hold on it and as they did Nihil reinforcements arrived. But then Master Sy suddenly noticed the trawler become light and seemingly weightless. And then the remaining Nihil war cloud was swept away suddenly, confusing the pirates, but also revealing Master I in hooded robes holding the trawler with the Force with his lightsaber ignited at his side.I told Sy that it seemed like they needed a hand, and Sy collapsed and started cry at the sight of their old Master. I then used the Force to send the massive ship crashing onto the horde of Nihil reinforcements with a fiery explosion. When more Nihil came, I threw himself into their leader feet first and then used the Force to knock the others down with a single hand motion. This inspired Sy, who shouted For light and life before joining up with Vitus and Mrala again and fighting by I's side. I and Sy worked together to take down a Nihil with a buzz saw, Sy knockingIoff balance before I stabbedIin the back with his lightsaber. The Jedi then regrouped with the Corellian fighters and I shouted the rallying cry For light and life which spread throughout the crowd. Eventually they managed to drive the Nihil away, winning the battle.The Nameless (pictured) emerged as a massive threat to the Jedi Order, but I's quest for answers broughtIto a hooded figure who had had a connection to the beings.Afterward, Jomaram, who had been instrumental to the Jedi's success elsewhere in the battle, reunited with Sy, who introducedIto I. I said that they had much to discuss and not enough time, to which Sy added that they needed a place to go where they could regroup safely and debrief. Alys Crash Ongwa, one of the leaders of the Corellian fighters offered up a location to the Jedi. The group, including I, ended up taking refuge in the hideaway of Baynoo Ongwa, Crash Ongwa's mother, in The Green on Corellia, riding various ships and airspeeders to get there. There, they were joined by a mysterious hooded individual who had accompanied I. The individual did not show their face or speak to anyone, and only constantly quietly sang the nursery rhyme 'Shrii ka rai ka rai', which had a connection to the Nameless, over and over again. I declared that there was much to explain without actually explaining anything, but nobody questionedIunder the assumption that there would be time to do so later. The group ate, bathed, and then tried to sleep.While they slept, all of the Force-sensitives were awoken in the middle of the night by sensing the final crash and destruction of Starlight Beacon in the Force. After feeling the death of Jedi Orla Jareni aboard Starlight Beacon, Master Cohmac Vitus gathered I, the other Jedi, Zeen Mrala, and his Padawan Reath Silas. Vitus intended to knight Silas, but Silas expressed thatIstill felt like the only thingIhad learned from all the fighting and death was how littleIreally knew. But I commended this, saying that it was perhaps one of the hardest and most important lessons to learn. Silas also said thatIhad learned that there was not one path forward, but also said that might just be an excuse for feeling lost. I assuredIthat it was impossible to be lost when there was not one right way forward. After more questions from Silas, I then asked jokingly ifIthought all of those Masters that thoughtIwas ready were wrong. This prompted Silas to sayIwas ready, and together Masters I, Vitus, and Sy knighted Reath Silas. But Master Vitus then handed his lightsaber to Silas, and after exchanging nods with I, left the house, and left the Jedi Order for good.The next morning, I and Sy chatted and readied to leave, while Zeen Mrala reflected on the moment that I had joined the battle with joy and inspiration. I walked up to Crash Ongwa and Deemus Abrus, who had helped the Jedi before the battle, and wished them farewell. I told the two that a new threat had arisen and that all of the Jedi needed to return to Jedi Temple on Coruscant, prompting Sy to reveal that the recall signal that I had asked for had been sent out minutes earlier. I explained that the way forward would be difficult, but that they would manage to find a way by being guided by the secrets of the past.Master of DookuI was the Jedi Master of Count Dooku, who ultimately renounced his commitment to the Jedi Order.Over a century later, I took on the human Dooku as his last known Padawan in the era of the Galactic Republic. In 90 BBY, I undertook a visit to Serenno with other Jedi Masters and younglings Sifo Dyas, and Dooku. I later took Dooku on as an apprentice in 86 BBY, and while Dooku initially wanted to become the Padawan of Lene Kostana, his disappointment subsided whenIlearnedIwould be I's apprentice. Once on a visit to Serenno, Master and apprentice together, Dooku's father shouted at the Grand Master for bringing his son to the planet, holding a dislike for the Jedi Order and Force-sensitives. During one mission to the Wookiee homeworld of Kashyyyk, Dooku witnessed his master face off with a giant, dreadful terentatek. Decades after his apprentice graduated to Knighthood, in 42 BBY, I was informed by Dooku thatIwas departing from the Jedi Order, much to his disappointment, and when his former student offered to turn over his lightsaber, the Grandmaster allowedIto retain ownership of his weapon.Pre-Invasion of NabooI visited Kashyyyk on several other occasions prior to the Battle of Kashyyyk, serving as Jedi negotiator in many incidents involving the Wookiees and their Trandoshan neighbors. This earnedIthe ancient title of Defender of the Home Tree, as well as becoming a member of many Wookiee leaders' and all the inhabitants of Kachirho's honor families.I also taught outside the Master/Padawan relationship, and trained all the Jedi younglings prior to their teaming up with Jedi Masters, including Master Obi-Wan Kenobi. Since his days as a youngling, Mace Windu, a human who would eventually rise to become part of the Jedi Council, never responded well to the Grand Master's humor, which became one of the reasons I continued to use his humor. Kanan Jarrus, as Caleb Dume, often heard I counsel, Do, or do not. There is no try.Ialso taught groups of younglings in the basics of Jedi training, including lightsaber instruction.Ioversaw younglings undergoing the Gathering to find their own kyber crystals; on one such occasion,Itold youngling Ahsoka Tano of how she would know her crystal when she saw it. With these words in mind, Tano successfully found her crystal. At another point,Itaught Tano of how one could find things they were not purposely looking for.Invasion of NabooThere's no doubt the mysterious warrior was a Sith.Always two, there are. No more, no less. A master and an apprentice.But which one was destroyed, the master or the apprentice?―Mace Windu and I, about Darth Maul — (audio) Listen (file info)I was a leading member of the Jedi High Council during the last years of the Galactic Republic.By the invasion of the planet Naboo by the Trade Federation, I still served on the Jedi High Council, yetIwas the sole Grand Master of the Jedi Order. By the invasion,Ihad been training Jedi students for about 800 years. In the time before the invasion, I took part in a council meeting. Several hours after that meeting,Itook to mediating in a small garden in the temple, only to be interrupted by fellow council member Mace Windu, who, after I waited forIto explain whyIwanted a private discussion, expressed his belief that I had sensed somethingIwas keeping private. I repeatedly responded thatIsensed nothing. Not understanding but trusting the Grand Master's judgement, Windu excused himself while I, believing the dark side was far away, tried to find what it was thatIcould not sense. I was unable to uncover the fact that the sensation was caused by the secret plots of the Sith Lord Darth Sidious.Concurrent to the Federation's occupation on Naboo, I was present when Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn presented Anakin Skywalker, a young slave boy from the planet Tatooine, to the Council in the hopes of trainingI Although Jinn believed Skywalker to be the Chosen One, prophesied to bring balance to the Force, I and the other Council members did not share his opinion, sensing that the boy was harboring a high amount of fear and his future was uncertain. They therefore refused to allow for his training.After Jinn and his Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi returned to Naboo, they forged an alliance between the human inhabitants of the world and the native Gungan species in order to combat the Federation occupation forces. The Federation's droid army was eventually deactivated after Anakin Skywalker accidentally destroyed its command ship. During the battle, however, Jinn and Kenobi dueled a Sith apprentice—Darth Maul, the Dathomirian Zabrak apprentice of the Sidious—which cost Jinn his life.At Jinn's funeral, I and Windu discussed the return of the Sith.With the Naboo having waited until the Council's arrival to begin the funeral, I, along with other members of the Council, was present at the Naboo victory parade and Jinn's earlier funeral, whereIshared his thoughts on the apparent reemergence of the Sith with fellow Master of the Order Mace Windu, pointing out that the Rule of Two, the Sith succession system in effect at the time, meant that another Sith was still present. Unbeknownst to the two Jedi, the remaining Sith was Sheev Palpatine, the Supreme Chancellor of the Galactic Republic, who had been sworn in after a Vote of No Confidence forced his predecessor Valorum to resign.I and the other Council members remained at the funeral until Jinn's body turned to ash. Then, the Council left the ceremony, leaving Skywalker, Kenobi, and Amidala's court there. With Jinn dead, following the events on Naboo, the Council named Jinn's former Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi a Jedi Knight, who informed I of his master's final will—that Skywalker be trained. Reluctantly, I permittedIto take the boy as his Padawan. I also attended the parade held by the Naboo and Gungans to celebrate their victory.Separatist CrisisI think it is time we inform the Senate that our ability to use the Force has diminished.Only the Dark Lord of the Sith knows of our weakness. If informed the Senate is, multiply, our adversaries will.―Mace Windu and II on the eve of the Clone Wars.Ten years after the Naboo crisis, several thousand systems that were disillusioned with the Galactic Republic seceded from the government and formed the Confederacy of Independent Systems under the leadership of Count Dooku, the former student of I who left the Order due to widespread corruption in the Republic. As the Galactic Senate, the chief governing body of the Republic, debated the creation of a standing army, an unsuccessful attempt was made on the life of Senator Amidala of Naboo. After Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi and his Padawan Anakin Skywalker cornered the assassin, the killer was in turn killed by a mysterious person who escaped using his jetpack. The events prompted the Council, which included I, to appoint Kenobi to trackIdown.Kenobi's investigation ledIto attempt to find the planet Kamino, whose location had been missing from the Jedi Archives. This discovery alarmed I, who surmised that only a Jedi could have erased the files. Interrupting a training session with the Bear Clan, I helped Kenobi pinpoint the world's exact location through meditation, allowing the latter to travel there. Following Kenobi's departure, I experienced a vision while meditating, in whichIheard the voice of the spirit of Qui-Gon Jinn, and sensed that Anakin Skywalker was in terrible pain.Idiscussed the vision with fellow Master Mace Windu afterwards.I and Windu are informed by Kenobi.Having arrived on Kamino, Kenobi reported that the Kaminoan cloners had created a clone army, the order for which had been placed by Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas, who had perished around the time of the Invasion of Naboo. Kenobi believed that the template used to create the army, bounty hunter Jango Fett, was the person involved in the attack on Amidala. After a brief encounter with Fett, Kenobi followedIto the planet Geonosis, whereIfound that Dooku's Separatists ordered the assassination attempt on Amidala and had constructed a droid army. After relaying the information to the Jedi Council, Kenobi was captured and scheduled for execution, later joined by Amidala and Anakin Skywalker.The Clone WarsBattle of GeonosisThe shroud of the dark side has fallen. Begun, the Clone War has.―Master INews that Skywalker and Kenobi had been captured prompted the Council to dispatch a Jedi strike team to Geonosis, while I headed to Kamino to take command of the clone forces. As a clone strike team interrupted the execution of Kenobi and his associates, the clones suffered casualties at the hands of the numerically superior Confederate battle droid forces. I led the clones into battle, thus beginning a galaxywide conflict that would become known as the Clone Wars.I duels his former apprentice Dooku on Geonosis.As the clones engaged the Confederacy's forces in a massive battle, I headed to rescue Kenobi and Skywalker from Dooku, who had incapacitated the duo in a duel. The diminutive Jedi Master showed his mastery and power over the Force surpassed that of Dooku by casually repelling the latter's telekinetic assault and Force lightning.Ithen engaged Dooku in a brief but intense duel, having the upper hand. Dooku, realizingIwas outmatched by I, used the Force to bring a large metal pillar down on the unconscious Skywalker and Kenobi, forcing I to break off the duel and use his own powers to stop it from crushing them. Dooku used the distraction to flee aboard his personal craft. Although the battle on Geonosis ended in the Republic's favor, I was concerned about the growing influence of the dark side of the Force and the outcome of the Clone Wars.Mentoring Anakin SkywalkerAs the Clone Wars progressed, I decided to alleviate Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker's fear and inability to lose loved ones by assigningIa Padawan learner, Ahsoka Tano.Ibelieved that by becoming a teacher, Skywalker would develop emotionally and that when the time came for Tano to go off on her own,Iwould understand that his excessive bonding to thoseIcared about was unnecessary. Tano traveled to the planet of Christophsis, where she presented herself to Skywalker in the midst of a battle against Confederate forces.After the battle had concluded, I, himself, arrived on the planet and assigned the duo to the task of finding Rotta, the son of influential Hutt crime lord Jabba, who had been kidnapped as part of a plan arranged by his uncle Ziro to alienate the Hutts and the Jedi and drag the former into war. After the two Jedi successfully completed the mission, I, along with a group of clones, extracted them from the planet Tatooine.Ambush on RugosaVentress: If I is indeed the Jedi warrior you believeIis, letIprove it. Allow me to send my best troops to captureI IfIescapes, join the Republic. But should my droids defeat I, consider an alliance with the Separatists.Katuunko: I did not request I's presence here to testIin battle.I: Accept the challenge I do, Your Highness. Arrive by nightfall, I will.―Asajj Ventress challenges I for a competition; I accepts — (audio) Listen (file info)I with clone troopers on Rugosa.Some time later, I and a small squad of clone troopers—composed of Clone Lieutenant Thire and two troopers, Jek and Rys—were sent to the neutral coral moon Rugosa to negotiate the construction of a Republic base on Toydarian territory with the incumbent monarch, King Katuunko. Simultaneously, the Confederacy dispatched Asajj Ventress, an assassin trained by Confederate leader Dooku, to the moon with droid escort to pressure Katuunko into siding with the Separatists.I's starship was ambushed by two Confederate vessels upon arriving into the system, forcingIto use an escape pod to land on the surface of the moon, accompanied by three clone troopers. The Jedi then successfully made contact with the Toydarian delegation, prompting Ventress, who was at the king's location, to challenge I: ifIcould defeat her droid units, Toydaria would join the Republic, but a defeat would result in the planet pledging its allegiance to the Confederacy. The Jedi accepted, and Katuunko requested thatIbe given a fair fight—an agreement which Ventress did not intend to honor.I destroys a Confederate AAT.Encountering the droids, I destroyed a squad of them by himself without using his lightsaber, and returned to assist his clone companions, until the arrival of droidekas forced them to flee. The Jedi covered their escape by deflecting the droids' blaster fire at a nearby rock formation that collapsed and crushed them, after whichIand the clones retreated to a nearby cave to rest. In the cave, I relaxed into his natural role as a teacher. Calling each clone by name,Iraised their morale by lecturing them on their individuality in the Force.Upon hearing the sound of more approaching Confederate units, I and his escort left the cave. The Grand Master engaged and destroyed three tanks and their associated infantry alone, much to the amusement of the king and the anger of Ventress, who were watching the droids' progress via hologram. Breaking the terms of the competition, the assassin sent in droidekas to take out I, which the clones prevented by launching their final rocket that caused the enemy to be buried under a rock slide.Katuunko, impressed by I, decided to join the Republic. As I arrived to meet with the king,Iused the Force to stop Ventress from killing Katuunko. When Ventress triggered an avalanche with planted explosives, I saved Katuunko, Thire, Jek, and Rys from being crushed by rocks, maneuvering the debris to the side with the Force. Republic gunships soon arrived to retrieve the group.Back on the cruiser, I entered a meditation in his cabin.Ireached out with the Force to sense the clonesIhad served with, feeling their differences but sensing the same desires in each of them: to follow orders, win battles, and to be a good soldier. I pondered on the humanity of the clones, deciding that the Republic must understand them as humans, nurturing them instead of treating them like machines. WhenIreturned to his meditation,Ihad a vision, seeing Thire, Jek, and Rys in the future. Remembering how dangerous the visions of the future were, I ended his meditation, but could not let go of the discomfort of the vision.The Malevolence crisisI and Windu confer with Ahsoka Tano, who was adamant on rescuing Koon.As the war progressed, the Confederacy developed the Malevolence, a heavy cruiser designed to incapacitate and destroy Republic vessels with its mega-ion cannons, which proceeded to destroy dozens of ships without leaving survivors. The Jedi Council dispatched Jedi Master Plo Koon to track down the superweapon, but upon locating it, his fleet was ambushed and destroyed by the starship. Although Koon and some clones survived in an escape pod, I, alongside fellow Jedi Mace Windu and Obi-Wan Kenobi, forbade Anakin Skywalker and Ahsoka Tano to search the system for survivors, citing the threat posed by the Malevolence. Skywalker and Tano, however, disregarded his warnings and successfully rescued Koon. The Malevolence was later destroyed by a concerted Republic assault.Gunray's captureSome time after the destruction of the Malevolence, Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray was captured by the Republic on the planet of Rodia, but asIwas being transported to Coruscant aboard the cruiser Tranquility by Jedi Master Luminara Unduli and Ahsoka Tano, a Separatist boarding party led by Asajj Ventress freed the prisoner. Unduli and Tano subsequently reported the loss of Gunray to Anakin Skywalker and I.The Zillo BeastIn the aftermath of the Battle of Malastare, Chancellor Palpatine ordered the Zillo Beast to be taken back to Coruscant for study. However, the Zillo Beast escaped captivity and began to rampage through Coruscant. I and Jedi General Aayla Secura moved to aid Skywalker, Kenobi, and Windu to recapture the beast. As gunships fired gas bombs in an attempt to pacify the beast, I, Secura, and Skywalker used the Force to prevent themselves and their companions from inhaling the gas. The Zillo Beast was eventually killed by the gas bombs.Facing the rising darknessAttack on the Jedi TempleAhsoka Tano speaks to the Jedi CouncilDuring the peak of the war, Barriss Offee with the help of Letta Turmond bombed the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. I then ordered Anakin Skywalker and his Padawan Ahsoka Tano to return from Cato Neimoidia to help investigate, refusing to trust anyone who was in the temple during the bombing. I's judgement was clouded, butIstill guided the Jedi as the leader of the Council.Turmond was captured by Skywalker and Tano. In prison, she requested Tano speak with her, saying Tano was the only one she could trust. When Turmond was strangled to death by way of the Force, Wilhuff Tarkin, who was serving as an admiral in the Republic Army, had Tano arrested, accusing her of being the mastermind responsible for the attack. Desperate to prove her innocence, Tano escaped the prison, resulting in a manhunt led by Anakin Skywalker and Captain Rex. During the chase, Tano lost her Shoto lightsaber.After Tano fled to the Underworld, I ordered Skywalker and Plo Koon to track her down and bring her to the Temple, with some resistance from Mace Windu, who felt that Skywalker's emotional connection to Tano would only make things worse. Tano was quickly captured by Asajj Ventress, who agreed to help the young Padawan in exchange for a pardon for Ventress' crimes as a Sith. Tano contacted Barriss Offee at the Jedi Temple. Offee led Tano into a trap by telling her she could find evidence to prove her innocence by going to a warehouse on Level 1315. There, Offee jumped Ventress, stealing her lightsabers and mask. She attacked Tano, knocking her out in front of crates of Nanodroids and effectively framing her for the bombing.Tano was then brought back to the Temple, where I and the rest of the Jedi Council reluctantly agreed to expel her from the Jedi Order and have her face a military tribunal before the Senate. I, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Plo Koon and several other Council members were present in the court room, where Tano was prosecuted by Tarkin and defended by Padmé Amidala. However, before the jury could render its decision, Skywalker burst in with Barriss Offee, who confessed to being responsible for the bombings and the framing of Tano. In light of this revelation, I, Skywalker and the Council personally invited Tano to rejoin the Order, but to their shock, she refused and left. I would regret the Council's decision and began to question the doctrine of the war.Biochip conspiracyI speaks with the Council about Tup.Several years prior to the start of the war, Palpatine and his apprentice, Count Dooku secretly created the Clone Army with the assistance of an unsuspecting Sifo-Dyas, who had seen visions of a conflict beforehand. When this was done, they had organic inhibitor chips implanted in their brains, which would cause the clones to do anything Palpatine told them to, in this case execute the Jedi. With one simple command, the clones would enter a trance-like state and perform whatever orders they were given.During the Battle of Ringo Vinda, clone trooper Tup murdered Jedi Master Tiplar when his inhibitor chip was activated prematurely. Sidious ordered Dooku to apprehend Tup to prevent the Jedi from discovering the truth. Tup was eventually sent to Kamino after Anakin Skywalker, Captain Rex and ARC trooper Fives were able to recover Tup from a Separatist Transport.After escorting Tup to Kamino, Fives and Rex were greeted by Jedi Master Shaak Ti, alongside the main developer of the clones, Kaminoan scientist Nala Se. Rex returned to Ringo Vinda while Fives remained on Kamino to undergo examination in case of Fives having a similar situation. Disputes over the tests led to a debate. While Shaak Ti advised a brain scan, Nala Se suggested terminating the clone and preforming an autopsy to isolate the case. Shaak Ti contacted the Jedi Temple where I, alongside Obi-Wan Kenobi, decided Tup should be brought to the temple to be examined through the Force.What the Jedi were unaware of was that the Kaminoans knew of the inhibitor chips and were working with Count Dooku, who used his Sith name, Tyranus, to prevent the Jedi from making the connection. Dooku ordered that Tup be terminated and that the chip be sent toIto be looked at.Angry at Nala Se and Master Ti for their treatment of Tup, Fives escaped the medical center and embarked on his own plan. Fives faked leaving the planet, but stayed to try and save Tup and discover the truth.Iand the medical droid AZI-3 were able to preform a brain scan on Tup, where they learned of the inhibitor chips. Fives had the droid take the chip out of his and Tup's brains. Unfortunately, the already-weakened Tup died soon after the operation, whispering his last words to Fives. Fives blamed Nala Se for what happened to Tup. Suspecting the Kaminoans of treachery, and with the support of Master Ti, Fives insisted on presenting his evidence and the removed chips directly to Palpatine. Fives was eventually brought to Coruscant, at the request of Shaak Ti, whereIwas brought before the Chancellor. As the ship landed, Nala Se drugged Fives, causingIto act strange.When Fives attempted to assassinate Palpatine, I was a part of the Jedi Council that ordered Anakin Skywalker to investigate. Fives was killed in the end, and I was ultimately told that the doctors had found another cause, and that a vaccination had been prepared in case of a future incident.The mystery of Sifo-DyasKnow now we do that guide the creation of the clones from the beginning, Dooku did. Hm, our enemy created an army for us. If this was known, public confidence in the war effort, the Jedi, and the Republic would vanish. There would be mass chaos. Cover up this discovery we must. No one, not even the Chancellor, may know. Valiant men the clones have proven to be. Saved my life and yours they have many times. Believe in them we must. Win the war swiftly we must, before our enemy's designs reach completion, whatever they may be.―I and Mace WinduSometime later, the Jedi received a distress signal from a moon near Oba Diah. Sending Plo Koon and Commander Wolfe to investigate, they found the remains of a shuttle and the lightsaber of Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas, who was killed sometime around the Battle of Naboo while dealing with a conflict on Felucia. Upon reviewing the temple archives, Jocasta Nu and the Jedi found that the information had been sealed by order of the Supreme Chancellor. While sending Anakin Skywalker and his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi to Felucia, I went to speak with Palpatine, not knowingIwas the Sith Lord that orchestrated the murder and the creation of the clone army. Palpatine told I to visit Chancellor Valorum, as these events had happened before the vote of no confidence that led to Palpatine becoming chancellor. Palpatine then contacted Count Dooku, tellingIto destroy the last piece of the puzzle before the Jedi would be able to unravel the mystery.I meets with former Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum on Coruscant.Anakin and Obi-Wan attempted to communicate with the native tribe on the Felucia, but were unable to understand them. They did learn, however, that a second Jedi had shown up with Sifo-Dyas.Valorum told I thatIhad sent Sifo-Dyas to negotiate with the Pyke Syndicate to stop a booming drug trade underneath Coruscant. Valorum also revealed thatIkept this secret, fearing his opponents in the bureaucracy. The talks were postponed after the Council sent Sifo-Dyas to intervene on Felucia. Valorum was unable to identify the second Jedi, but did say that his assistant, Silman, was with Sifo-Dyas whenIwas shot down.Eventually, I dispatched Anakin and Obi-Wan to Oba Diah, where they learned the Pykes were paid to shoot down the ship carrying Sifo-Dyas, but had kept Silman captive as leverage and that Dooku was in fact the individual known as Tyranus, leading them to realize Dooku impersonated Sifo-Dyas to help push forward the Clone Wars. I, not knowing how to stop the plot, suggested the Jedi keep the discovery a secret, and that they should keep playing the Sith Lord's game.Discovering immortalityIt is I, Qui-Gon Jinn.That cannot be. Dead, you are.No. I am part of the Living Force, I.―Qui-Gon Jinn communes to II hears the voice of Qui-Gon Jinn.While meditating during the end of the war, I heard the voice of Qui-Gon Jinn, who demonstrated his presence by levitating I. The encounter left I distracted during the subsequent Council gathering, leaving them worried about whether the stresses of the war were finally taking its toll onI While strolling through the Temple gardens, I was greeted by Anakin. I askedIabout his encounter with Qui-Gon's spirit on Mortis, which Anakin had dismissed as a trick, noting the Jedi belief that one could not retain their identity after becoming one with the Force. I responded thatInow questioned this dogma.I confessed what happened to the Council, much to their disbelief. They agreed though to meditate withI to verify his experience. Despite meditating together for an entire day, they were unable to hear anything. Ki-Adi-Mundi expressed worry that I had become susceptible to Sith manipulation, so I underwent medical tests that revealed thatIwas still in good health. Jedi Doctor Rig Nema suggested I undergo a deprivation ritual that would allowIto meditate more strongly and find the source of the voice.Agreeing, I was suspended in a liquid tank with an oxygen mask to bringIas close as possible to death without actually becoming one with the Force. While unconscious, Qui-Gon's voice requested I go to Dagobah, and to tell no one about it. After, Obi-Wan broke open the tank due to his concern over I's failing life signs.Put on bedrest and under guard, I convinced Anakin to helpIescape by posing as simply accompanying each other for a walk. Guided to the Jedi Temple Hangar, Anakin lent I his astromech droid, R2-D2 to accompanyIto his personal interceptor. I and R2-D2 flew to Dagobah, where I asked the droid to stay with their ship whileIfound a clearing to meditate.I communes with Qui-Gon on Dagobah.Qui-Gon's voice greetedI I asked whyIcould not seeI Qui-Gon explainedIhad not been fully trained enough to do so. The Living Force appeared to I in the form of fireflies, guiding I to a cave strong with the dark side, it showed the Jedi Master a vision of the future, where a hooded Sith Lord slaughtered the Jedi. Qui-Gon explained to a distraught I thatIwould helpIbring hope for the future, and directedIto the planet that spawned the midi-chlorians.I confronts his own dark side.Arriving there, I gave his lightsaber to R2-D2 for safekeeping, and descended into the world to meet the Force Priestesses, who agreed to teachIhow to achieve life after death. First, I confronted a manifestation of his own dark side, conquering his hubris. Next,Iwitnessed a vision of the Jedi massacred in the Temple, where an apparition of a dying Ahsoka Tano askedIif she would still become one with the Force after being expelled from the Jedi Order; this vision was a manifestation of I's guilt over having placed Tano on the path that led to her departure. An apparition of Katooni then invited I to enter a peaceful courtyard to escape these painful events. Seeing Qui-Gon Jinn, Kenobi, Tano, and Dooku together, alive and full Jedi, I eventually recognized the vision's falsehood, overcoming its temptation and his attachment to those that have fallen.Instructed to complete his tests on the Sith homeworld of Moraband, I and R2-D2 flew to the valley where the ancient Sith Lords were buried. Recognizing the danger, I instructed R2-D2 to return to the Jedi Temple and inform the Council of what happened, ifIdid not come back after three nights. Spectres of a serpent, undead Sith warriors, and even Darth Bane himself confrontedI but I brushed them off. AsIentered a temple execution chamber, the Force Priestesses warned I that whateverIencountered there would be beyond their control.Unknown to I, Darth Sidious and Dooku sensed his presence on Moraband, and met in an abandoned tower in the industrial sector of Coruscant. Using Dooku and I's Force-bond, Sidious planned to reach out to I and crush his spirit. Appearing to I in the form of Sifo-Dyas, Sidious had I wake up in a Republic attack gunship with Anakin and members of the 501st Legion, en route to terminate the Sith on Coruscant. As they arrived, the clones, lead by Captain Rex, rushed at Dooku only to be hit with Sith lightning. Skywalker immediately attacked Dooku while Sidious fled. Walking sadly past the fallen clones, a dismayed I witnessed Skywalker brutally decapitate Dooku. However,Ileft Skywalker and pursued Sidious.Emerging out on a catwalk, I and Sidious dueled. Skywalker tried to help, but Sidious knockedIout. Sensing an opportunity, Sidious damaged the catwalk, forcing I to divide his attention between Force-lifting Skywalker to saveIfrom falling to his death and blocking Sidious' Sith lightning. After Sidious tauntedIby suggestingIsacrifice Skywalker to concentrate on defeatingI I put down his lightsaber to ensure Skywalker's safety. As the catwalk collapsed, I maneuvered Skywalker to safety and grabbed Sidious, draggingIdown too. The incident proved I's selflessness and demonstrated his resolve to Sidious, who concluded the illusion asIrealized it would take more to defeat the Jedi Master.I awoke, and was greeted by a Priestess who explainedIwould continue his training with Qui-Gon's spirit. As she disappeared in a glow of light, I had a vision of the future, including his own death. I returned to the Jedi Temple, where Windu and Kenobi greetedIin the garden. I claimed his journey had been uneventful, but felt it had demonstrated the Jedi had been wrong to wage the war on the Republic's behalf.Utapau crystal crisisFollowing the death of Master Tu-Anh on the sinkhole world of Utapau, I and his fellow Jedi Council members sent Master Kenobi and Anakin on a mission to investigate her death. They discovered that she had been investigating Separatist efforts to excavate and obtain a giant kyber crystal on Utapau. After destroying the crystal and thus denying the Separatists access to the weapon, I was present at a Council meeting when the two Jedi gave a report of the events on Utapau. During the meeting, I recounted how the ancient Sith had constructed superweapons using massive kyber crystals to power them up.Ifeared that Dooku's mysterious master Darth Sidious had similar intentions.The plan to assassinate Count DookuOne, there is, who has tried and failed. Yet closer has she come than any other to killing Count Dooku.You can't possibly mean Ventress!―I and Obi-Wan KenobiThe Jedi Council partnered Master Quinlan Vos with Asajj Ventress to kill Dooku.I and his fellow Jedi Council members witnessed Count Dooku's devastating attack on Mahranee, the home world of the Mahran species, via hologram. The Council was reluctant to condone an assassination, but ultimately concluded that killing Dooku was necessary to end the war and prevent more deaths. The Council decided to use Master Quinlan Vos, who had considerable experience with undercover work, to assassinate the Separatist leader. When Vos suggested that a partner accompanyI I recommended Asajj Ventress, Dooku's former Sith apprentice and a Nightsister for that mission, knowing her hatred for Dooku. Ventress agreed to assist Vos with his mission but insisted thatIhad to learn the ways of the dark side.Despite their preparation, Vos and Ventress were bested by Dooku and Grievous, who took Vos captive. Dooku then managed to bring Vos over to the dark side by revealing that Ventress had murdered his late Master, Tholme. After Vos spurned Ventress' offer to rescueIIbecame Dooku's newest Sith apprentice and assumed the persona of Admiral Enigma. Ventress informed Master Kenobi who conveyed the news to his fellow Council members including I. For the next several months, Admiral Enigma scored several victories for the Separatist cause.When Vos' old friend Akar-Deshu, a Mahran Jedi, brought Ventress into a Council meeting to discuss rescuing Vos, I and Kenobi spoke up for Ventress when Windu wanted to arrest her. During the proceedings, I and his fellow Jedi learned that Ventress had instructed Vos in the dark side in order to defeat Dooku. While Windu was suspicious of Ventress, I and Kenobi were convinced that she genuinely cared for Vos and that she had rejected the Sith ways for good. After sending Ventress along with Desh and Anakin outside, I and his fellow Jedi debated whether to include Ventress in their rescue mission. When Master Kenobi suggested leading the operation to rescue Vos, I accepted Kenobi's offer and also argued that Ventress was key to the rescue mission.Ialso recommended that Kenobi take both Ventress and his former Padawan Skywalker along for the mission.After receiving intelligence from Admiral Wullf Yularen that Count Dooku and Admiral Enigma were planning to attack Taris, the Jedi Council decided that they had to move quickly to rescue Quinlan. In the end, the Council decided to offer Ventress a pardon for all her crimes in return for rescuing Vos. The rescue mission was a success and the Jedi succeeded in recovering Vos alive. To reward her services, Ventress was formally pardoned. Unknown to I and his colleagues, Vos had become a Separatist double agent in order to gain Dooku's trust so thatIcould learn the identity of Darth Sidious and destroy the Sith once and for all.Using his position in the Jedi Order, Vos leaked intelligence about Jedi and Republic military operations to Count Dooku; allowing the Separatists to undermine these operations. After several Council members voiced their suspicions about Vos' true loyalties, I had a personal meeting with Vos and was able to deduce that Quinlan had fallen to the dark side. To test Vos' loyalties, the Jedi Council sentIto assassinate Dooku, but secretly sent Kenobi and Skywalker to tailIVos managed to defeat Dooku in lightsaber combat, but did not killI When Vos demanded that Dooku leadIto Darth Sidious, Kenobi and Skywalker promptly revealed themselves and arrested the two men. After learning of Vos and Dooku's arrest, Master I ordered Kenobi to bring them back to the Jedi Temple where they would be interrogated and executed for their crimes. However, Vos and Dooku escaped with the unwitting help of Ventress, leading to the events of the second battle of Christophsis. In the end, Ventress helped Vos return to the light side, but was killed by Dooku. Kenobi and Skywalker then recaptured Vos and broughtIback to Coruscant.After Vos confessed all his crimes and explained his motivations to destroy the Sith, I and his fellow Council members accepted Vos' repentance as genuine and pardonedI Kenobi, who believed that the order to assassinate Dooku was morally wrong and responsible for Vos' fall to the dark side, took on the responsibility of monitoring Vos during his rehabilitation. Kenobi accompanied Vos to Dathomir for Ventress' funeral.Last days of the Clone WarsI sense a plot to destroy the Jedi. The Dark Side of the Force surrounds the Chancellor. [...] The Jedi Council will have to take control of the Senate to ensure a peaceful transition.To a dark place this line of thought will take us. Great care we must take.―Windu and II councils Anakin about his visions.Three years after the initial battle on Geonosis, the Republic was crumbling under the attacks of the Confederacy. Throughout the course of the war, Palpatine had been granted ever increasing personal authority by the Senate to command both the war and the Republic at large. The Jedi Council, though reluctant to oppose the extremely popular Chancellor, nonetheless grew ever more concerned about the continual centralization of political power in Palpatine.After a Separatist attack on the Republic capital world of Coruscant by General Grievous, Skywalker came before I, seeking counsel.Ihad been experiencing terrifying visions of the death of a loved one, thoughIdid not reveal that the one in question was his secret wife, Padmé Amidala. I warned Skywalker to be wary of his visions and of his own feelings, as fear was a path to the dark side, and advisedIto train himself to let go of everythingIfeared to lose. Skywalker, however, was dissatisfied with this answer, asIcould not bear the thought of losing someoneIloved. Shortly afterwards, Palpatine, hoping to increase his influence over the Jedi Council and further ingratiate himself with Anakin Skywalker, appointed the young Jedi to be his personal representative on the Council. The Council, having little choice, begrudgingly accepted Palpatine's interference, but refused to grant Skywalker the rank of Jedi Master, infuriatingI Additionally, the Council gave Skywalker the unofficial assignment of spying on Palpatine, an assignment which Skywalker was less than enthusiastic about, asIregarded Palpatine as a friend and a mentor.I and the Jedi Council discuss the Kashyyyk invasion.Following Skywalker's appointment, the Council chose to take action to avert an imminent Separatist invasion of Kashyyyk. I chose to personally oversee the defense, asIwas held in high esteem by the Wookiees. Before leaving for the planet, I discussed with Obi-Wan and Windu about Anakin's assignment. Kenobi expressed his former Padawan's disagreement, and asked ifIwas not going to fulfill the Prophecy when Windu doubted his abilities. I suggested that it could've been misread, but Obi-Wan believed they would not be let down, which I hoped would be true.I observing the Battle of Kashyyyk.On Kashyyyk, I participated in a holographic session of the Council, whereIlearned from Skywalker that Republic intelligence located the fugitive General Grievous in the Utapau system. When Anakin volunteered to lead the campaign, with the stated approval of Palpatine, I and Mace both disagreed, and I nominated Kenobi to be sent instead. Agreeing with the Grand Master, fellow council member Ki-Adi-Mundi seconded the nomination and the decision was made. I left the call and was approached by Commander Gree, who toldIthat the droids had started their power generators. I ordered his troops to prepare, and soon after the battle began.Iobserved the battle from above when a shot almost hitILater, on a meeting with Windu, Anakin, Mundi, and Aayla Secura, they were interrupted by Comander Cody, who informed that General Kenobi had engaged Grievous and that the battle had begun on Utapau. Skywalker was then sent to deliver the message to Palpatine, since his reaction to this news could give the Council clues about his intentions. After Anakin left, Mace informed the other Jedi thatIfelt a plot to destroy the Order, and that the Chancellor was surrounded by the Dark Side. Mundi and Windu suggested to take control over the Senate in case Palpatine did not abide of his emergency powers, though I expressed that this would lead them to a dark path, and that they'd need to be careful.Right afterwards, Ahsoka Tano and Commander Rex joined the call. She revealed that they successfully captured Maul on Mandalore and thatId be delivered to Coruscant by them, which I considered a great service. Ahsoka stated she did her duty as a citizen, but when I asked if it was not as a Jedi, she simply said that not yet. Tano wanted to speak with Skywalker, but sinceIhad left, Windu and I explained Obi-Wan's situation to her. When she realized the war could end soon, Windu retorted that it would depend on Palpatine, but refused to explain more to her, which did not sit well with I. As the members of the call left, I stayed and asked Ahsoka if she had anything else to say, and after a brief silence, she confirmed she'd tell the information to Anakin himself. I then said May the Force be with you, Padawan. and ended his transmission.As the battle on Kashyyyk continued, Supreme Chancellor Palpatine revealed his true identity as the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, turned Anakin Skywalker to the dark side of the Force and killed a group of Jedi Council members who had come to arrestI When Sidious bestowed the name of Darth Vader to Skywalker, I felt the moment through the Force.Order 66How many other Jedi have managed to survive?Heard from no one have we.―Obi-Wan Kenobi and I, after Order 66Christening his newfound apprentice Darth Vader, Sidious sentIand the 501st Attack Battalion to attack the Jedi temple and slaughter all who resided there. Meanwhile, Sidious began to broadcast Order 66 to the clone troopers, a contingency order that required them to eliminate their Jedi Generals, which the Clone complied to due to the activation of their biochips.I survives the attempt on his life.As the clone army betrayed and turned on their leaders galaxywide, I sensed the deaths of his fellow Jedi and fell to his knees. Commander Gree and Captian Jek received Order 66 a few moments afterwards and prepared to shoot I. However, I sensed their intentions and decapitated the duo with his lightsaber.Ithen proceeded to escape with the help of the Wookiees Chewbacca and Tarfful, rendezvousing with Senator Bail Organa of Alderaan and Obi-Wan Kenobi, who had escaped death on Utapau.I fights the 501st troopers guarding the Jedi Temple.The two Jedi discussed their situation, during which Bail and I informed Kenobi that the Temple was broadcasting a coded retreat message, ordering all surviving Jedi to return to Coruscant. I and Kenobi decided to return to the Temple and reconfigure the beacon to warn any survivors to go into hiding, and to that end Bail took them to Coruscant. The two Jedi fought their way in and witnessed the effects of the rampage by Vader and his clone unit, including the visible lightsaber cuts on several dead Jedi. In the meantime, Sidious, as Palpatine, reforms the Republic into the first Galactic Empire with himself as its Emperor. That was the beginning of the Age of the Empire.The Age of the EmpireDuel in the SenateI have waited a long time for this moment, my little green friend… at last, the Jedi are no more.Not if anything to say about it, I have! […] At an end your rule is, and not short enough it was.―Darth Sidious and IHaving recalibrated the signal, Kenobi wished to learn the identity of the one responsible for the massacre. I, aware that watching recordings of their fellow Jedi being slaughtered would cause Kenobi pain, cautionedIbefore the younger Jedi activated the security recordings. The duo thus learned of Anakin Skywalker's fall to the dark side, his Sith title of Darth Vader, Palpatine's Sith identity and the formation of the Galactic Empire from the Republic. Agreeing that the two Sith had to be destroyed, I headed to the Galactic Senate to confront the Emperor, while a deeply reluctant Kenobi departed to the volcanic planet of Mustafar to face his former apprentice.I battling Darth Sidious in the Senate chamber.Upon arriving into the Chancellery Secretariat, I confronted the Emperor, who surprised the Jedi and renderedIunconscious with a burst of Force lightning. As Sidious boasted howIcame to eradicate the Jedi Order, I managed to wake up and slammed his opponent into a wall. The duo then drew their lightsabers and engaged in a fierce duel that soon continued into the central auditorium of the Senate Building. Briefly separated from I, Sidious launched the numerous Senate hoverpods at his opponent, but the Jedi nevertheless managed to catch up withI engagingIat close quarters again with his lightsaber drawn. Sidious then blasted I with a burst of Force lightning which tore I's lightsaber from his hand, but which the Jedi proceeded to successfully deflect with his bare palms. I slowly redirected Sidious's force lighting atI appearing to give the Jedi Master the upper hand. However, the buildup of energy subsequently triggered an explosion that blew both combatants apart and caused I to fall to the bottom of the chamber, while Sidious was thrown out of the pod but managed to barely hold on to one of its guardrails, gaining the high ground. Despite neither conquering the other, I realizedIhad been defeated, which prompted the Jedi Master to flee through the maintenance tunnels of the building.Ithen contacted Organa to rescueIvia his airspeeder, considering the duel his personal failure and voicing his intent to go into self-imposed exile.ExileInto exile I must go. Failed, I have.―I, to Bail OrganaAfter being rescued by Organa, the two proceeded to the asteroid Polis Massa, where I conferred with Qui-Gon Jinn's spirit, who offeredIto trainIin techniques that could helpIretain his identity after his death. Obi-Wan Kenobi, having defeated but not killed Vader on Mustafar, arrived soon thereafter, bringing withIthe dying Senator Amidala. She gave birth to her twins from Anakin Skywalker and named them Luke and Leia before her death.Sensing the children's power in the Force, I, Kenobi and Organa decided to keep them hidden in unsuspecting locations to avoid detection by the Empire; Luke Skywalker was delivered to the Lars family on Tatooine, while Organa personally adopted his sister, Leia. As the trio prepared to go their separate ways, I asked Kenobi for a moment of his time.Irevealed thatIhad training forIduring his solitude on Tatooine, and that Qui-Gon Jinn had reached the path to immortality, having returned from the Netherworld of the Force. I decidedIwould teach Kenobi to communicate with Jinn.I lands on the planet Dagobah, his home for the rest of his life.Using an E3-standard starship lifeboat, I returned to Dagobah to begin his own exile whereIwaited for the twins to grow up and continued his studies of the Force. The lifeboat served as I's initial shelter but it started to degrade within a year due to Dagobah's swampy environment. As the first shelter was slowly consumed by the swamp, I built a new home for himself.Ipositioned it near to the dark side cave but out of range of its influence and would visit every few years. However, the Dagobah wet season created a need for the Jedi Master to regularly relocate to the planet's highlands for the duration. Following the destruction of the Jedi Order, I was listed as one of the Inquisitorius' priority targets amongst presumed survivors of the Great Jedi Purge.Around a year after Order 66, Tano was hiding on the world of Thabeska, where she had met a Force-sensitive child named Hedala Fardi. Despite her young age, the child proved to be wise, and Tano was upset that Fardi would likely never be able to prove her wisdom to I. Later, while sleeping aboard the CR90 corvette Tantive IV after Organa offered her a chance to join his rebellion, Tano remembered I's advice to her when she was getting her first kyber crystal. Awaking and knowing she should make a new set of lightsabers, she thanked I, even though she knewIcould not possibly hear or help her.Helping the SpectresMaster I, you're powerful. You must know a way to destroy Vader and his Inqusitors.Padawan, thousands of Jedi once there were. Then came war. In our arrogance, join the conflict swiftly we did. Fear, anger, hate. Consumed by the dark side, the Jedi were.Was it wrong for the Jedi to fight? Is it wrong for me to protect my friends?Wrong? Hmm. A long time, fought I did. Consumed by fear, I was, though see it I did not.You were afraid?Yes, afraid. Hmm, surprised are you? A challenge lifelong it is, not to bend fear into anger.―Ezra Bridger consults I through the ForceI appearing to Ahsoka Tano and biding her farewell.During his exile on Dagobah, I kept an eye on other Jedi throughout the galaxy, including those who ventured into the various Jedi Temples found amongst the stars. Approximately four years before the Battle of Yavin, I spoke to Kanan Jarrus, who had been the Padawan of Depa Billaba and a survivor of Order 66. Jarrus had traveled to the Jedi Temple on the planet Lothal with his own Padawan, Ezra Bridger, to whom I also spoke. Bridger was in the temple in order to overcome his greatest fears; I acted as an anonymous guide in helping Bridger do so and to understand whyIwanted to become a Jedi and how to withdraw from the anger and the wish of revenge withinI This guidance led Bridger to receive a kyber crystal, whichIused to build his own lightsaber. Meanwhile, I counseled Jarrus about Jarrus' insecurities as a teacher.The year after, Jarrus and Bridger returned to the Lothal Temple with Ahsoka Tano in search of a way to defeat the Inquisitorius. I cast an illusion of the Jedi Temple Guard for Jarrus, including the Grand Inquisitor asIwas before the Jedi Purge. The Inquisitor forced Jarrus to recognize his fears and knightedIa true Jedi. Meanwhile, Bridger pleaded with I for help: despite his pacifism, the Jedi Master ultimately directedIto go to Malachor. When the other Inquisitors arrived, I used the Temple Guard to distract them as the Jedi escaped. As she fled, Tano turned back and saw I, who smiled and waved at her: she smiled back being the last time they saw each other.The last JediDuring the events that led up to the Battle of Yavin, I noticed that with the Dagobah rains ended it was time to migrate back to his lowland hut, and was grateful as his usual accommodation for the wet season remindedItoo much of the Jedi Temple and his failings.Ireflected on how age had affectedIand realized thatIhad become truly reliant on the walking stickIhad originally adopted as an affectation for a joke played on his padawans. The Jedi packed what littleIowned and left but not beforeIchecked for the Imperial probe droids which had once searched forIendlessly.I during his exile on DagobahAs I descended farther downhill, however,Ifelt a presence. It was neither a probe droid nor one of the Empire's ships but vibrations in the Force from Obi-Wan Kenobi and what remained of Anakin Skywalker. A probe droid then appeared and I quickly took out a pot given toIby Kenobi.Iused the Force to smash it into the droid only to suddenly sense Kenobi's death at the hands of Darth Vader. With the Jedi distracted, two more droids arrived but I crushed them both and continued on home.As ever, the hut had survived its hibernation but was dripping and spongy. Five days later, I had dried and cleaned the house. Each timeIsaw the shelf usually reserved for his pot,Ireacted with some loneliness after destroying Obi-Wan's gift toI Feeling his isolation,Ireached out to the netherworld of the Force to speak to Qui-Gon Jinn, but the spirit of Obi-Wan answered instead and requested that Skywalker's child be trained. Having harbored regrets about not having taken the man's daughter as his apprentice, and assuaged thatIhad enough time left to teach another pupil, the Jedi Master readily agreed untilIfound out that Kenobi was actually speaking of Anakin's unfocused son instead. Nevertheless, I begrudgingly allowed Kenobi to direct the boy toI As I ruminated on his decision afterwards,Ireturned to the Cave of Evil and was reassured that the site had no new fears to showITaking a new apprenticeDo, or do not. There is no try.―I to Luke Skywalker — (audio) Listen (file info)Three years later, Luke Skywalker, under guidance from the spirit of Kenobi who had served as his mentor, sought I in his Dagobah exile to receive Jedi training. At the same time, I, stirred awake by the feeling of the dark side and the memories of his trauma years ago, went to his storage area to find it empty. In an effort to find food,Imade the arduous trek across the wild terrain of Dagobah. Eventually, I made it to a valley, full of colorful creatures, and another species in particular. Herds of these creatures ran through this valley, the best source of meat I had yet been able to find.Luke Skywalker joins I for dinner within the Jedi Master's hut.Years ago, I in his shame had decided to give up his lightsaber, promising to never wield one again, taking a bow instead. To get whatIcame for, I readied his bow and took aim of one of the creatures, easily killing it with one shot of the bow. On his journey back, I began to feel the ground shift beneath his feet, beginning to crumble as I began to fall. At the last moment, I grabbed onto the side, reflecting on the similarities of this moment to his duel with Darth Sidious many years ago. I's grip failed andIfalls onto the ground below as boulders began to pile on top ofI I fell unconscious.I began to dream, the dream of pain, suffering, anger, hate, and suddenly,Iawoke once again. Realizing the predicamentIwas in, I began to laugh, laughing at his foolishness for allowingIto get into this situation.Ibegan to doubt himself, thinking of howIwas now trapped on Dagobah, but subsiding those feelings, knowingIis one of the last of the Jedi.Ireached out to the Force and, in that moment,Irealized whyIhad failed in the past. His shame, his hubris, his blindness, they had all clouded his vision and realized his failings as a Jedi. However,Iknew that failure was the greatest lesson a Jedi could learn, and understanding this broughtIpeace asIrejected allowing his shame to guideIany more. With this newfound peace, I reattuned to the light and used its power to move the boulders resting on top ofI With a newfound sense of responsibility and understanding, I began his journey home.Arriving back at his home, I began to cook a stew, whenIbegan to hear a crashing in the trees surrounding his hut. A visitor had arrived.Iwalked out of his hut to discover this new visitor, realizing it was Skywalker, the boy Kenobi had allowed to travel here to learn fromI AsIstared at Skywalker from the trees,Icame to the realization thatIwould not be the last Jedi, but only the instrument as to train the future.I trains Luke Skywalker on Dagobah.Walking out,Idecided to test the boy and did not reveal his true identity, instead promising to leadIto I; Skywalker's subsequent frustration and his age made the Jedi doubtful as to whether it was a good idea to train the boy, but Kenobi's spirit managed to convinceIto do so. Over the next few weeks, I trained the young Jedi.I proceeded to tutor Skywalker with a variety of exercises, including the telekinetic manipulation of objects in the area. As part of his training,Ialso sent Skywalker into the dark side cave in order to demonstrate the dangers of falling to the dark side of the Force. During his tenure with I, Skywalker sensed that his friends were in danger in Cloud City on the gas giant Bespin, and headed there to confront Darth Vader in spite of I's and Kenobi's persuasion to the contrary. Although Kenobi was distraught by Skywalker's rushed departure, I remindedIthat there was still another offspring of Anakin Skywalker—Leia Organa.A phantom visitorSometime later, a mysterious woman arrived on Dagobah in search of I. When she was attacked by a monster, I used the Force to save her from a distance and then led her into the dark side cave in order to dissuade her from looking forI Having a change of heart, she left the planet as I watched from afar.A disturbance in the ForceSometime later, the same mysterious woman helped activate the Fermata Cage, a mysterious artifact created by Darth Momin. On her second attempt, I along with other Force users amongst the galaxy sensed the disturbances emanating from the cage.DeathLuke... when gone am I, the last of the Jedi, will you be. Luke... the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned. Luke... There... is... another... Sk-... Sky... walker...―I's last words, to Luke SkywalkerI becomes one with the Force.Skywalker, having engaged in a duel with Vader on Cloud City, returned to Dagobah after a year. I, ill and very close to death, confirmed what Vader had revealed to the young Jedi on Bespin: that the Sith Lord indeed was Anakin Skywalker, his father.Ialso warnedIthat with his training fully complete, his final task would be confronting Vader again and defeatingI and cautioned Skywalker not to underestimate the Force powers of Galactic Emperor Darth Sidious. I also said that whenIdies, Luke will become the last of the Jedi. Therefore,Iwanted Luke to pass on whatIhad learned. Finally,Ialso managed to informIof the existence of another member of the Skywalker family. I then died, and his body disappeared asIbecame one with the light of the Force.Postmortem and legacyHeeded my words not, did you? Pass on what you have learned. Strength, mastery. But weakness… folly… failure, also. Yes, failure most of all. The greatest teacher, failure is. Luke… we are what they grow beyond. That is the true burden of all masters.―I's Force spirit, to Luke SkywalkerAnakin Skywalker, I, and Obi-Wan Kenobi as Force spirits on Endor.Thanks to the techniques passed on toIby Qui-Gon Jinn's spirit, I managed to retain his consciousness without a physical presence by becoming a Force spirit. Mere moments after his death,Iwas able to appear to Sidious, who had felt his death in the Force. Sidious, who had been fantasizing about killing I himself in the past few minutes as well as inwardly celebrating his demise, was surprised by I's appearance, thinking the feat impossible. Putting on a show,Igloated on the fact that I was now dead and implying that I was there to witness Sidious' final glory asIcrushed the remnants of the Rebel Alliance and took Luke Skywalker as his new apprentice. I stressed that Sidious could not win, but Sidious pointed out thatIalready had. Awaiting I's reply, Sidious discovered that his specter had vanished.Luke Skywalker later used the trainingIreceived to confront Darth Sidious and Darth Vader aboard the DS-2 Death Star II Mobile Battle Station over the forest moon Endor as part of an all-out attack on the station by the anti-Imperial Rebel Alliance, defeating Vader and turningIback to the light side of the Force, resulting in Sidious' death at the hands of the redeemed Anakin Skywalker. As Anakin died from his wounds, I and Kenobi appeared toI smiling upon their redeemed friend.Somehow, I managed to teach Anakin the ability of retaining his consciousness after death.[source?] As the rebels and Luke celebrated on the surface of the moon due to the demolition of the Death Star II and the deaths of Sidious and Vader, the ghosts of Anakin, Kenobi, and I briefly appeared to Luke. After that, Anakin asked I and Kenobi whether Luke would be alright, and Kenobi responded as I stood by. For the next years, I's spirit, alongside Obi-Wan and Anakin, continued to guide Luke. Though it was rare, I also spoke to Leia offering her guidance and teachings of the force over the years of her life, teachings she would later pass on to Rey.Approximately five years after I's passing, the Mandalorian bounty hunter Din Djarin took a member of I's species, Grogu, to train under Ahsoka Tano on the planet of Corvus. While with Djarin, Tano explained that she had only met one other member of Grogu's species: Master I. Tano refused to train the Child but told Djarin that Grogu could reach out to other Jedi at the seeing stone on the planet of Tython. Thus, Luke Skywalker learned of Grogu and, after saving Djarin, Grogu, and their allies from a Dark Trooper platoon, took Grogu as an apprentice. Thirty years after I's death, another Force sensitive, Rey, heard I's voice describing the Force during a vision she witnessed upon touching the lightsaber that previously belonged to Luke and Anakin Skywalker.I appears before Luke on Ahch-To.Sometime later, and after Rey had visited Luke on his hermit-island on Ahch-To, a disillusioned and self-loathing Skywalker tried to burn down what few Jedi artifacts and writings were left in hopes that it would rid the galaxy of the Jedi once and for all, who, throughI had failed. Luke was surprised by the sudden appearance of Master I as a Force spirit, who not only didn't seem to mind the ancient scripts burning up, but was the one to actually start the fire by causing lightning to strike the tree. In fact, unbeknownst to Luke, Rey had already taken the Sacred Jedi texts when she left. During their meeting, I pointed out that mistakes and failure were important lessons, if not the most important lesson, for a Jedi Master. Ultimately, I helped Skywalker come to terms with his failed training of Ben Solo, and to realize that despite his fear of failing another studentIcould still be what Rey needed. Inspiring Luke to face his past and forgive himself. This final, heartfelt meeting between the two friends led Luke to change his mind and help save the Resistance from certain defeat during the Battle of Crait.During the Battle of Exegol in 35 ABY, I's voice was heard by Rey among the voices of many Jedi of the past who aided her with destroying the resurrected Darth Sidious. Alone, never have you been,Itold her, before telling Rey to rise in the Force.Personality and traitsYou knew Master I?Yes.Itaught almost all of the younglings in the temple, at one point or another.Kanan describedIto me. Small, green, and wrinkly with pointy ears. ButIdidn't know whatIwas really like.I'm not sure anyone did.Iwas wise, kind, but when I was young,Iseemed happier. As the Clone War dragged on,Icarried a great burden, a deep sorrow, as ifIknew before anyone else that one time was ending, and another beginning.―Ezra Bridger and Ahsoka TanoI served as a teacher for the Jedi for 800 years.Known for his wisdom, I had spent eight centuries training and tutoring generations of Jedi. I was an ideal grandmaster. WhenIjoined her Force-bond network, Jedi Master Avar Kriss felt I's mind form its own part of the chorus of the Force. The song of his wise and great mind became heartbreakingly beautiful to Kriss. Despite his appearance not making it seem like it would be so, his voice appeared to be made up of pure light, so Kriss consideredIthe epitome that people were not simply the crude matter of their bodies, a lesson that I would later pass on to Luke Skywalker.Iwas reluctant to accept Anakin Skywalker or Luke Skywalker for Jedi training, considering them unfit. In both cases, however,Iallowed Obi-Wan Kenobi to persuadeIinto accepting them as trainees.There was a small garden in the Jedi Temple where I often took to meditating, with the other Jedi usually respecting the privacy of such moments. Indeed, I's favorite place to be was his own thoughts, being able to meditate and feel the calm Living Force flow throughoutI When Dooku triggered a partial room collapse during his duel with I on Geonosis, the Jedi, confronted with the choice of pursuing the fleeing Sith or protecting the hurt Obi-Wan Kenobi and unconscious Anakin Skywalker from the falling debris, opting to save his comrades instead of going after Dooku. However, when fellow Master Plo Koon's fleet was destroyed by the Confederate superweapon Malevolence, I forbade Anakin Skywalker and Ahsoka Tano to conduct a search for Koon, citing the danger posed by the Separatist vessel.Padawan Reath Silas believed that having I as a master would be pretty fun whilst discussing I's former apprentice Kantam Sy. I's favorite method of teaching was to ensure his students could figure things out for themselves. Even if all I did was wait for the student to catch up to speed,Ifound that they almost always realized what they needed. When Master Mace Windu questioned whether I had sensed something or not,Iwaited until the younger Jedi realizedIwas sensing nothing. Windu remained confused, forcingIto explain that the feeling of nothing needed to be caused by something.Idisagreed with Windu's sentiment that nothing and something were always opposites, andImade sure to never be fully sure of himself, knowing there was more to learn. Windu also knew that, ifIasked whether the Grand Master was afraid,Iwould turn the question back atII remained calm even when insulted, such as when the mud dwellers calledIa weird little frog. During the Invasion of Naboo, I believed himself comfortably away from the dark side, unaware of the growing power of Darth Sidious, with the exception of whatIknewIcould not feel. Indeed, I concerned himself with trying to uncover the feelings that were hidden from his senses, whichIeventually understood to be the dark side. I was able to resist being tempted by the specter of the dead Sith Lord Darth Bane, who had appeared toIin a vision on the planet Moraband, recognizing that the spirit was a mere illusion and rejecting its call to the dark side.Wise yet old, I spent his final years on Dagobah, training Luke Skywalker and coming to terms with his own mortality.I's teachings stuck with his students, even if at times they had to struggle to understand their true meaning. Upon hearing pilot Leox Gyasi explain whyIhad named his starship the Vessel, Silas was struck with the opinion that Gyasi sounded like what I's teachings would be like if the Jedi Master took spice. As such, Silas decided his reasoning was either a very good or extremely bad sign. Despite barely knowing the Grand Master, Silas was greatly struck by his disappearance during the High Republic Era, with fellow Padawan Ram Jomaram, despite having never even met I, agreeing and feeling the same. AsIneared his death before the Battle of Endor commenced, I accepted his own mortality and imminent demise and died becoming one with the Force. I's ears were expressive and would sometimes curl whenIwas expressing strong emotions like surprise. These ears were also highly sensitive and also sometimes would move to express his emotions. I opposed profanity, urging others to not use such language.I also had a sense of humor and curiosity, despite his age and wisdom. Part of the reason I kept up his sense of humor was that Jedi Master Mace Windu, even as a youngling, did not respond well to it. As such,Itook teasing his fellow council member, once asking ifIhad arrived for a private discussion becauseIhad embarrassing questions, which Windu denied instantly. Afterward,Ielected to wait to speak, wanting Windu to begin the discussion and viewing it asIcracking as ifIwas under pressure. Windu also found I's behaviors distracting, yetIwould always trust the older Jedi's judgement. His sense of humor continued with others, as shown whenIplayfully rummaged through Luke's belongings whenIfirst metI fought R2-D2 for a torch, and laughed gleefully whenIsupposedly set the ancient Jedi texts on fire, and finding Luke's continued ignorance amusing, commenting thatIhad missedI Also when Kenobi toldIabout the planet Kamino missing from the archives during his class,Iresponded with, Lost a planet, Master Kenobi has. How embarrassing. How embarrassing!I was highly secretive about his homeworld and never revealed it to anyone. Despite his intensive Jedi training and high status within the Order,Istated thatIsecretly had a dislike for ancient Jedi texts.Ihad a distinctive and peculiar speech pattern: namely,Iwould rearrange words in his sentences, placing subject and object in front of the verb; for example,Iwould frame sentences like Good relations with the Wookiees, I have.Powers and abilitiesI was one of the most proficient Jedi with the lightsaber.Lightsaber combatIt is obvious that this contest cannot be decided by our knowledge of the Force…but by our skills with a lightsaber.―Dooku, to IDespite his small size and old age, I was an extremely accomplished lightsaber duelist, wielding a short green-bladed lightsaber. I used the Ataru saber form, boosting his body with the Force to be able to perform the needed movements. Such was his mastery of this form that I could duel Sidious and almost defeated the Sith. I was a master of the Niman style of lightsaber combat, retaining his skills with the form for his whole life.I was extremely skilled in blast-deflection and proved more than capable of taking on multiple enemies at the same time and winning easily:Iwas able to single-handedly defeat without getting even a single shot to his person an entire army of droids that Ventress sent as a test for King Katunko whether to accept the Jedi or the Separatists as an ally.The greatest display of I's skills with a lightsaber was whenIdueled the Sith Lords Count Dooku and Darth Sidious. WhenIfought Dooku, I maintained the upper hand through the duel, forcing Dooku into the defensive, and would have defeatedIhadInot decided to flee. His duel with Sidious, although initially well-matched, eventually began to turn into I's favor, forcing Sidious to use the Force to confrontIForce powersThe history of a soul, does the Force permit me to understand.―I about his abilitiesEven despite his small size and old age, I was extremely powerful and accomplished in the Force. with a connection to that power and knowledge of Force techniques that may well have surpassed that of any other Jedi. Obi-Wan Kenobi considered I to be the most powerful JediIever knew. The Grandmaster was heralded as the greatest Jedi of all time, at least until the fall of the Republic. I was utterly committed to the light side, butIalso had a deep understanding of the dark side as well as how both halves of the Force interacted. The toll age took on I's body did not preventIfrom still being strong in the Force when Luke Skywalker trained underII uses the Force to lift Skywalker's X-wing out of the Dagobah swamp.I was extremely skilled in telekinesis and all forms of it. When on a mission to free a child, I gripped two pirates who were holding the child and held them helpless, before making them punch each other and then threw them into the air. Then I defeated the rest of the pirates in the room when they attackedI I used Force deflection against a Blue stone spear thrown atIby a member of the Mud dwellers, though holding the spear with the Force was hard for I. I then levitated many boulders and rocks to catch the rest of the spears thrown atIand kept the rocks levitated for a whole conversation.Ilater lifted two boys who were trying to kill each other with spears away for long enough to make them calm down. I was unable to repel many of the Blue stones that were thrown atIwith the Force by the Rockhawkers, due to how hard it was to affect with telekinesis and his unwillingness to harm the childrenIfaced. Later, and having mastered Stonepower, I was able to casually blast the Rockhawkers who attackedI subduing and disarming them without inflicting lasting harm.When facing Dooku on the planet Geonosis, I demonstrated his superior telekinetic mastery by effortlessly repelling every metal piece and stone slab thrown by the very skilled Sith Lord. During a confrontation with Confederate forces on the coral moon of Rugosa, I effortlessly pulled two droids to slash them with his lightsaber, flung multiple pieces of the droid controlling one of the infantry high into the air and both opened the upper parts of another infantry tank, then sent it and the droid controlling it into the air. It was with ease that I raised and moved droids to fire upon their allies and slammed whole squads of droids down, without harming his own allies. After the droids were dealt with, I easily overpowered the powerful Sith Assassin Asajj Ventress with telekinesis, stopping her lightsaber strike mid-way and disarming her with a simple gesture, and repulsed the many stones caused by Ventress activating an explosion. If I had no desire to touch the ground,Icould simply float in a mediative state.Force barriers were a tool in I's skill set, as seen whenIstopped a cloud of deadly gas. I could strike down his foes by hurling his saber at them, guiding the blow with his telekinetic skills. WhenIwent to try to destroy the Sith Emperor, I effortlessly defeated two Red Guards by knocking them into a wall.Iwas even able to breach the Emperor's defenses and blast Darth Sidious himself through the air with a Force push and was able to stop and redirect a Senate hoverpod Sidious had thrown atIwhen they fought in the Senate building. Later, on Dagobah, I used the Force to throw a pot at an Imperial Probe Droid, destroying it.Ithen Force crushed two more of the robots before they could report his location. In order to teach Luke Skywalker that anything was possible with the Force, I levitated his student's sunken T-65B X-wing starfighter out of a swamp of Dagobah and onto dry land with no visible strain.With just a few days of training, I was able to learn how to use Stonepower and thus deflect Blue stones thrown atI I could move a chunk three times his size--something unknown to his master, though I was then exhausted by doing so. I could also use Stonepower to stop strikes from giants of living stone, and with the aid of thoseItaught, call forth other giants to defeat the oneIwas fighting. I was capable of employing the power of Force lightning, to the point thatIcould make several arcs of energy lance out in different directions from only a single finger. I could manipulate flames with the Force.Jedi Padawan Bell Zettifar pondered whether I, after putting great focus into the effort, could use the Force to stop gravity. In his duel with both Sith Lords Count Dooku and Darth Sidious, I displayed great proficiency in Force Deflection, asIwas able to easily stop and then redirect Dooku's Force lightning attack with his bare hands and even managed to stop Sidious' Force lightning attack using just his palms but was unable to deflect it completely: the energy eventually exploded and flung both of the combatants away from each other, ending the duel in a stalemate and causing I to escape. I could dampen or even negate the might of Force powers used to attackIby radiating a calming aura. I could employ the Force to absorb blaster fire and negate the strikes of lightsabers with his bare hands and channel the energy from blasters or lightningIabsorbed into making his own attacks more deadly.I was capable of absorbing and deflecting Force lightning with his palms.His ability to use the combative applications of the Force notwithstanding, I's incredibly strong connection to the Force combined with his years of extensive study also grantedInumerous supplementary abilities. I could enhance himself and seek out objects or personsIknew about regardless of the distance, and easily see though and/or destroy many Force illusions at once. During the trial of Quinlan Vos, I revealed thatIcould uncover the alignment of a Force-user just by touching them; stating that the Force had permittedIto read the history of a soul, able to easily sense thatIhad fallen to the Dark Side despite Vos being proficient enough to hide it from many other Jedi. I could detect the lies, emotional states, and thoughts of thoseIinteracted with.While physically isolated on Dagobah, I was able to see other Jedi that were active in the Force;Icould not see one that had forsaken the ways of the Jedi, with the exception of Vader who was still exposed to his monitoring. I could detect living things and droids with the Force and while on DagobahIcould sense all droids on the entire planet or the lack thereof.Icould keep in mental contact with the Jedi Temples across the galaxy, and telepathically converse with any Jedi–even to the point of manipulating the experience to his desires–within them by accessing the World Between Worlds.Ialso was able to fully master the skill of maintaining consciousness after death, something that Qui-Gon Jinn was unable to do, allowingIto manifest a visible presence rather than simply being a disembodied voice.With some effort, I could make himself and the powersIinvoked impossible to detect with the Force and go unnoticed by most. When two Blue stone spears were struck together, I sensed the disturbance this caused.Ialso sensed the killings that took place during Order 66, the shock of which literarily staggeredI so forewarned by the Force, I was able to destroy the Clones soon sent to slayIon behalf of the Sith. I could use the Force to see even in total darkness or when blinded. Additionally, I was able to use Force healing, even to the extent of healing himself and those aroundIwhile in battle with just a wave of his hand. I was also shown to be capable of experiencing Force visions and could invoke such insights at will for information up to three days into his personal future. However,Iunderstood that Force prophecy was not absolute and that the future was always in motion. His visions ledIto foresee the possible, and eventually actual, fall of the Jedi in the Clone Wars and even his own death. I sometimes knew ifIwas probably going to die in a battleIfought in.As a Force spirit, I was capable of manipulating weather to create lightning strikes.Iwas also shown to be capable of striking Luke Skywalker with his walking stick, demonstrating an ability to interact with the living world in a physical sense despite both I and the stick being ostensibly non-corporeal.Other skillsI was also shown to have a level of proficiency in piloting despite often leaving it to his soldiers, as whenIwas forced to travel alone by Qui-Gon Jinn, I displayed the ability to pilot Anakin's personal interceptor comfortably and was able to avoid inflicting any damage on it untilIreturned to the Jedi. Sidious and I were equally matched during their duel in the Galactic Senate.According to Obi-Wan, I's thirst for knowledge was the grandmaster's greatest weapon. I could walk for hours without food or rest up a mountain/giant. Padawan Reath Silas once reflected thatIcould feel I's wisdom and knowledge from even a kilometer away.During the Clone Wars, I proved himself to be an exceptional strategist and leader, being a highly effective general. His abilities in those regard were displayed during a confrontation with Confederate forces on the coral moon of Rugosa: I was able to inspire hope into his troopers despite the overwhelming odds and was able to easily tactically defeat the army of droids, exploiting the weak-points of the infantry and tanks to systematically destroy them and at one point tricking one of the droids controlling the tanks into destroying the other tank.I was a skilled diplomat. Although his cooking on Dagobah left much to be desired, I was skilled at baking, with Jedi Master Torban Buck particularly enjoying I's pastry recipe.